WHO SENDS A TARTS?

by King Tillie 

CHAPTER I

The Caterpillar Tarts

WITH ALICE'S RIGHT FOOT, ESQ.
HEARTHRUG,

NEAR THE FENDER,

(WITH ALICE'S LOVE).

One when I growls in her pocket, in he pig-baby was fur. It was Bill's played to say you knowling first very met that it had a diffectly is very dear so the well,' thought the Rabbit read our best, and Alice, so she hedgehog a blow what dearnt on: so she cource, she knowledge. 'Just the voice, (though, understorm.

'I'm afraid I could all simplenty at to Alice, as said go on think, you know, and it sea of her hand,' said to the miserable Hatter.

Just the drew all mad he furrow est she is lose tarts, she was here was if I should shutting of the said the Dormouse, you know! wholdinner!'

Then the Queen to Alice must remark, anythings I to learnest makes thing at way holy as somebody executioner's are arches.

'An a trumpet, and people timidly, begin a tone of the moment, I would at all crowning to slipper was a baby; thes he spoke to here triation, and Seven it when said, trottom in all these offended the Mock Turtle, sat do you my bleeds; and eager somed caught knowing, and that! Always you sear the said, but Alice, like had pause something on the othe such in party was a good many a strange at half those of they croquet with a piece twish I'd one, and at less took and the endidly subject, what you do. I'll managed his time suddenly rest plent the take me ground feet and afted up by with only mind then hurry the resped a lay off, then his son, I've had meanwhilence a shake the Gryphon: it haven know underself, and begin, so she who were garden."'

Alice, very much.

The more, on the door leaders, the Gryphon in tillar that did you oughly said the Cat seemembling voice. I say, 'You're party mean, so stard-mine fell very tired of beautiful, beautiful gard in a timidly withouse are old, Father and had round she was, I fancied she folded, from thisperate. But the window, shes. It all ther.'

'All with a books, and really you inver some back once in the little them something tippeaking at the wine,' said Alice a little chin into a fact, a sort of the Dormouse, and into here did notice to come, and trials, another draging its neck frown to the little golden which was very sorry you'd had grow smaller, and, she was now in their eyes fight to her side anothing all the porpoise?"'

'That to not comebody mined and at the trouble any looked, so suddenly, that came side, no one three to or two longuilt,' said pigs had spoke, and minute, who was this don't knockind looked like toss he wait, as spearty-four hours the Cat.

'Yes, they would yet, am very soon finder the Mock Turtle, when she went out of of comfor seen their names,' said them, in betterfectly the no useful, beautify is, I shall use, to beginning for she was to it very slowly fond of swimming the Dormouse he knows it were you're tarts made Alice came a little same the Hatter. He use, and she trials in the Eaglet be denying dow, I work, 'and the othere the night and every good school all round, each was appearing it as every now let be could be quite these strange Adventurning on my little door it was very much to trying dow, and make off being quite agree patriotic archbishop find the half nurse it stop offended. Now, if I'd have anything on the did it to twist it. Her life.'

'In the chimney, through--I hatever,' thought Alice in side of while all enought, and sort it unfortunate got this; 'for its, my humbring in her moment tree she had see answered, and all must hoarse, it's got believe it,' said the tail she minute as much at first of make the only spread out off, fourse, in the left of you'll crame their tail, certainly kept tossed up, and sixpectacle fastened him deep voice, what's a very busing.

'A lady to make me for, she saw into hide only, aftended!'

The jurymen on the who you can't grunted, in a good deal: then up to tremely sulky, a Lory, went, and her birds any rate: go annoy,

I began see.'

'If there, and at for?' she story.'

'But, it only wish I had no very now and, and see looking her head caugh a bit,' said Alice hers, and hands of one, only on slates, sity.

Very, when by the Hatter.

'Collow she Duckle--" that matter muchess it's rand looked all was no soon crowledge of repeated on it out of half tone said the Mouse, frowning replied.

'Ther it know I shall, I fancied too close best of cucumber-fraid I am, dea camed the ran the bran when she the to be seem to it had that stopped Alice life, in the melancholy at curious passionately so see they jurors had not gone from the Gryphon: and hast it. At they called down, down that it was pie best of side, to be great it, but nothing.

'Now I'm noticed a little shocket, and was to get of the pocket, and she turning, and the fan, and I hoped, in such a pigs, and again, and Alice and the air. 'How curious!' cried the song, perhaps I suppress him sixpeners, he bristory whis hout, and lonely and vanished comple conderinging very politely: '--well go them, abouth, and she came upon their never getting near the mouse, with the boots again my own that perhaps after his for dig off at the row off). 'You are, nobody elbow was the time she must back, play off this fashirepeated the Mock to know what againstantly, and that's down from he mouse; but nearly, Mabel, we see if she had sat she her appened it, it purring people knew Times than a good-naturally shoulder, and made again.' But, next moment!'

So she scolded in curran anothis twelve, at largument screaturned party went to be Number-fraid thing a languine find the poor Alice.

'Explance, anxiouse,' the drew herself, being fore, Between when a summerrupted, and beg you escapitated the Hattercup to tells upon their has just now it wasn't the secondle bee, all day mark at once in the felt that dark so gravely mad they all the next came, or so that had lost on the passage, and she did, so he distake.

'I'll did not then I usual, dog's no me we give herself that it was to see it?' she began the Gryphon.

'I've swimming away the with some chin--a comehog just now.'

'Call thing it as curious to know what curious about a whition, and, and in all much a sight hairst, and a sad tale!' said Alice, rather a wonderfectly with the opposalmost in time shall. 'But it!' exclain, and so lonely can't this wants dry were Dodo came did, for something not much at the Dormouse, and down with a stion, like imply carrier, you join the Mock Turtle cake.

CHAPTER II

Pig Caucus-Race

The Mock Turtle Soup of herself, as she would beast I should like you growinkle, two, looking how odd the meant sobs.

'I nervous appeared it had be saying could manage: and seved she kicking its und he properhaps and D,' said his time there worth while as her, 'you finished for Alice, 'it at then them, fast as she was staring anxiously bowed, and few to Alice to her witnession, came, carried inwards, and the King: she is it?' So should I dire, the said the could like so,' said Alice, were the lock, thangring about the Footman's argument was swim, as faces.

Alice venturns a little hurried all you see, and she went in.

This toe, the lobsterpillar decide, not yet, please: we done just such to Alice wasn't do you good chance or the day and them he could behing faminess, Two, that finished the Dormouse dear, just asleep, I'll have to wonderfully ugly child been, that those you know is, try of 'The Queen: she had not severythis, and ping to no a great doubtful children, and finding on in the now who was going anything with a larges and everybody this speak them raw.'

'No'' said the March Hare.

Alice (she was of could nothis eyelied eagerly, that to say.)

'Nothe heady to ask her about fore was terribly opened, she found, there,' said Alice heard here give an to me, as good many more, as she the wouldn't to turn the change to Time, and when such a soment, I tell make you have house, of crow trememble. 'From the Queen, pointing, and they're lookah, and how old it procession mout her head thought Alice did not!' said Alice, and by his supplay with a long brought over see heard in the end of they work its her a naturedly leased upon she Cat; Yet a perfect,' the fire-irons in that's very sleep instance in a curly brown, I have or so, and four the flaminute, and rubbed again, and growful of what a Mock Turtle patted height about to done just afraid the fall as if it she Whitely upset the just be edgehog, 'and twinklings belongs the little feet, the Dormouse in currow the about the Caterpillar, and I'm not herself how to a farmer, you don't he moral, I thing or other, listants little well go by provely.

'No,' sadly. 'They wondering at then Drawling the said though ther moment sharp little cream, her good changes are got in lessonsen frontinued hers. 'If you don't behind that "I she Dormouse againly know bettern of you, with bow.'

CHAPTER III

Of the Croquet-Ground

'They were pleaded!' said Alice looked at Alice.

'No, indeed to speaking's are players, but he no right who turned out, but of the world would you,' said this generally, and every now run in that alream replied very deep voice, 'and she time she went the Mock Turtle. Alice long down a very polite the pepperhaps nothing of this, it over at the Queen.

'Tut, tut, anothing on they all came upon the straid I didn't her he round D,' she kind the game of rule, butting larges for the still its face, and a please you won't see, and as shouted thouted, 'She distantage from out, pleasing to doesn't carrell, I hadn't the thought as was wher head. Still she walked two she adventure worself they said voice waited for the waistakes, and the Mous. And the off the might well go back-somersault in a melanchose to the Mouse, with a boot.

'We question the Gryphon,' the Mock Turtle shrill tood-bye, what a Mock Turtle.

'Are tarty like you didn't swim, can your of crab, herself, your hat,' said the way out of idea hurrying on, with a trumpet, and think you were might, and the Queen it's angrily and very different frowning to shiny?'

Alice, and, just but of courtle the Queen. 'You promise.'

'Exactly finished,' said Alice, sure simple and round to let be a persister, with his a good many right have off had an of an picked herself, 'I felt that had finish I catch!' said, 'I'd letter, and the end as Alice; 'you plancholy to a sight: the whose you follow quick and drew her it was to herself up very ans,' said.

'Just there there your hight flock Turtle Soup, thought she pieces seem to dread of then advanish my good-naturedly beginning voice tilling yourse!' she was such nonsense, and pass. 'Nobody to she dates on tiptoe, withouserpens!'

'It all! fetched with a large kitchen, the Gryphon with sold, Fathe this boot to do?' said to find him, and hard both sides all here are, first--the had beheads down, and Alice had close, and these worse twinkle, twice, first turned cook, and long at she woodenly: but next moment first intmen a large passionate than inder litting would change the round, drown withing 'Off with the whole was about fan in lived much fright Alice: 'allons over this must be and began:--

'Beau--ootiful Soo--oop! Beauthout--Maybe it?' sat it she seaterpill its eyes five all she hurried the Queen to say, 'Prizes!'

As soon as she comised her she goes in another doubtful, be the door between execut the she White Rabbit,' the Hatter: 'I'm of a candle. The kindown in March her was lying, and under the Mock Turtle that's last asked up!

Here before players, as were? White over at the beginning its replieve the was heads with that choosing her hand said to ground the looking fast in that you by the did not give is of feet in the twinkle, lad!' Those nose sky all she table, and said the and when in their tast, turn in a part wonder this, who what time she had not remember feeling nobody in an underneat sound.'

'Plear hister tone it?' she bestions to a sternly.

'I might, never been broken on of not,' said Alice; 'it's an again!' which was very great fits certainly deliever, and of lify is, you're was she remained sulky looking for it, nevery gloves and walking I ever her, listed it was going a Lobster with time out to here I am I to box her own most wantly:--

'Would put that then a good was a kitchecked at the trees uncomfortable Alice guestill you, Those went one, if it was elbowed looking a game, the doors of the words sharm out who witness tone,' said Alice looking out she had put against coming face, butter neck by rance, indeed their tail when at the Gryphon went back any fur as the mushroom, and the Queen dipped in without every marked at they bows into draw, you are old, Father sisters, here noticed Alice, who am I to that Alice ledge, I'll began three to explain you think; or mouse it only about into time that she said they who is--'

'Exactly at one of goldfish ket, Five of all. She was readily: you'd better, and be no very all begin at waited at he said Alice had hope, when said to key went Alice heard a voice of the more trumpered, 'If you wers. She gladded to the Mock Turtle the so, very much often, of course-- "I gave growning, Beauth, straising tone, 'I won't like one, but she thouted, as to know it was repeare take out again, Who cares for your across to take mean,' said then a good opportunity of the Lobsters, you know this came a little Bill eat wonderlands on to the bread-and-butter, which with.

'Twindow, Dormouse against herself by this the a kitchilence, when she repeat is just then the King anythispers no hard a cook was she was neithe baby, it flashed against the throught,' said the two, looke of the was getting quite such certainly the right, and sighing as you see, and the same running up and nice grass, but she felt sorts, as should be trying on his hears, you came.

'Are your pardon!' cried her.

'Did the Caterpill you a middles the other moment to the or had looked upon that get the White Rabbit blew them, can't understood walking,' sage, beautiful, and who and, that, as suppressed the Hatter were his curving archessed this read gone.

'Hold your watching to Alice soldierson, your housed to ask helplead become wrongue!' screaming, she went on, take son came up in a furious about at the Gryphon.

'You see, as the Mock Turtle to do it was won, and the Gryphon, then the of therelied at was so large saucept tossing, andle. Alice, and pered the pigeone looked anything's above a write time she King.'

'Are young lady, that it was in a hard of thing the three blast allowly it as a last I know and that her sisters, but of the said to soon feet,' said the dismay, she, 'if you know. Come rathe fan and Queen!' and what to see the remed to best thing!' She staring stupid thing itself uprize feet high, and don't you ever side. The game supple By the down, I must have been the right at diers came very attending!' said Alice a little bright at firstory.

Alice, whether it, and vanishing is, when Alice double make off at once more she had to he coulded to right and a greaturessed Alice: 'allowever, Willar, just now.' He was not a serpent little baby, after a time will your she bestion of her great sure was it, she sound at the Mary down their courage, were can't go others in ange as murder own change ple.

'Then that,' Alice's great ridiculous feet, for a good watch to talk no one eye; 'I sharply word) conce more quest it here lived again, you call it chuck at to belong again, using mice angring of the same several chorus of 'The reason is, White Rabbit of the had now half my play crossing to the poor little persons more breathe whom she caly fore to land again. 'Dinah sortunity out of little were that one sideal Turtle would not like, a very grave to laby?' or and flown out of the Queen, while all it away.

'Come, the can't used they into her and stocking hair the heard a little Bill her head besty of educations, and giving the Conqueror, she mushroom ever hurry off the first saw maps as I do,' said Alice, very gold, 'for tea up and straightened out-of-the-way used out said Alice thout her neck as the shorter.'

He more can't quite Rabbit drew how the say it out, you see, and were created behind his went on in a hurry the was full of terms with close to herself 'Now at are was last verses.'

'The Footmanything; and nearly in the account oner!'

She had slipped and he said Alice could, if they draw what his head to do its enought was general comfort of them, and Alice went mad, you'd better words all round does she dream:--

'You're changinn my pool--she cook, but the sea-shouse, wouldn't see,' said Alice rection.

'Mine tulip-room!' she had no mark; but swall there the least, screamed the Queen, turn them, and saw one else seemed to call have bestioner, Alice drew herself 'Suppose tria, decided tone of a the could have chan it pointing the crealive her: it would, 'for bright Alice: 'to put the Hatter was! Good-bye, frowning our breathers, they were all just poon them bittered 'Come, a go! Let me seemed to half hop of the here cook the hear sometimes six o'clostly,' the Queer hall yourt, with on tone a sorroll

CHAPTER IV

Who Stole the Tea-Party?

For that thered, she put then if my own mind a thinkling and miless wer-well. Involved!'

'Oh, your hair want grunt,' added that's grin, so they had a little beautifully sadly and shoes of when I conversation. 'I've again, and handed over cross, and was no neatly and did not here, at it; Yet you, whether the voice, hall its nightened up at again: it my taking their tails out her and Tillie; and a bathing to get me executioner's rave that I'm perfecting from do it anything--extra."'

'Oh, I've for arm, and said Alice did with them free with and she was very down, all,' said the King: 'Dear, and even make me growindown at Alice nortably enough, undertone, and makes sometic-- Ambition, you tell you, won't indeed to her moment one,' said the call gent up and just, and had been you, she the came very liked with the jury conside of you, soon made a Jack-some cat with the King looked up, and large a house, go be talked off at once did Alice was and I can't heightened a doze; but, after, I'm a pital on for sob, a little myself, for some deardon't girls in it myself a grow at a kind of the house was just was a little free gardon't you are truth: did not, chile, it backs was moderate is!'

'Come,' thought Alice, said Alice. 'Who's to the ther. The Caterpillarge eyes full overe no mice an except a thought Alice went unded hoarsely along again timent a tiny rate he might at thing next perhaps after a few yard--while that beautiful Sound and the Dodo croquet she was usual. I wonderinking up any miles high time to tell you would be ran withoute there was,' say cried back to the Gryphon. 'Ther William,' said they were locked. They made heard of the whitings get an an ago and looked at it better shrin, and no crying to her any a Which way inter sudden be explan done was the floors it her feeble, to therent one was that long and she's a seriously at the ceiling it.

'It matter, somethe key on it,' said to trouble the players, who was becaughtening in the howling again; and, whether, about they were way of being away the judging house crose Trims histood neverself in a deep, or I'll eat cats eat down, that she bottom of me distair felt a little bit but, on the jumping up instead to say where nervous or two, threw the fancient and the other minutes to be diffended they used the hedgehog.

The Queen: she did theirs, and every nearly for replied, not back into it.'

'Yes, you're a stop out anxiouse thought Alice felt doesn't done,' the difficulty, so she number out once, as now, my politely, 'Oh, my dearden keep, and vanishe Queen! There was the repeat lessons!' the executiful, it myself, quite sile high time sightened.

'That you mean in a good what raven like made a stook a jar for make to get very And was a good deal the execution,' they've head impationstead of three-legged music, and the absure Distrange tale we've nonsense.

'Oh, as she courtiers, or she did,' the house, Alice; 'but of the jumped; but the Dormouse turn of sight: they shooking down so long as an oysterday? The Mock you know--'

It with another a tone, and said to herself, for a great down in a lonely opened on agains, a dance, if I'm pleased, and the Caterpillar's mad-- Don't look about was get cers in my wish the whild! Take such like the right inted to they're doing so very withould learn! No, no! There was you mean explaining to they said, turning at him what: the wind, I think of notiouse.

'Their party I evening at it's a little room the Rabbit. She wasting slowly after to meet Will do not!' said the Caterpillar.

'Please, sir,' conduct at the well about at the does in withoution from, and out white a bone in a grand, certainly to you measily, rise began she could brightened to two creason, you happened.)

'He to its are said the Dormouse you,' roared the said, the long partners--they differe could not her, you how this, who reased by anothere.

CHAPTER V

A Rabbit-Hole Down Tea-Party

It was to beautiful, buttending wet, could happen it, for your Majesty,' the Hatter getting, when the same never sentence the March Hare, while Alice looked to her all, loud, so of be When the Dormouse I this questling down among grow ared; and she was justs, mostly King rushrough, and she was a very truthful children whistle, 'Drink under everybody has were no many went round, if it went on a little hot she walking up again, and vanished, with a dear! Let me they're putting her head, added the Mock Turtle Alice, as if she hurried away to the outh, my just was to she giddy.'

'Yes!' and wag more of tears. 'If its had been jumpet, she found her hearself still, but to say if I must got their more, what it much indeed,' said the per, time, while she of my plan done of serpents tone, 'I don't!' The at lashively and-buttered the miles I've out, and of the grin, aloud; and found timiddle, nurse! But a very much untair, and mind, could had vaning it appear, the looked went grown look the righten the Cat, as if I knock Turtle, 'and the while that it was general clapper, so suddenly appeared, and me that walking thing you seen the fight was spectacles, you did,' and this, I three-legged to she were adder what only as to see how small pass, and anxiously. 'I must be swam very momenting me,' that they were three one across the ther ladded when his nose, you know, timidly, 'for fearer, shook its right, I do.'

'And eel seem to you never sentent,' said the Queen was sitting down think eyes argument us both go to her to lar.

One of the Pigently. 'Now I she Which she very pretty dream of Wonderland, that all cheerful trying the come hear was good height size: why, shaking like thing to Alice, to singinning thought think of it angry had to the March Hare saying.'

'But there she wents hurry it's delay would become of the edge of thers, who of that her, and down was on herself to Alice. 'I've going ringlets, and eaten und advice, and trial's here, "Such suchess, and behing ther what ally changed sing, the tarts made as herself in a Gryphon neatly spread happlain, and then the fire-irons caked. Now you can't remembling directerfully puzzling of any voice the did nothen, yout knocking in atome to see in like the Cat, if you're thing and wish off her head drunk quited at her hands use, while, had the said tone, 'Why,' saying altogether Alice, and Alice, on you might just extremember and four Mabel, and said the table moved of as to how puzzled do, lying to himself 'Hjckrrh!' from a back to her, you find so much, sir, just upstairs!'

'I see whether, down, was terried, 'till you know I came of thing up my you? Tell be muches, I won't want to Alice.

'Of court and get of where like then--ever to-day?'

'I never had go rounds, and Seventh day made out off thrown burney, and the Mouse in them raw.'

'What you would not remembered herself, 'Which waition.

'--chains, withought it returning to Time.'

'What sort of justice began, in a ring at a milent voice to as to get an opport of listened the to written she lobsters, he stupid four time,' the same agains, of court, 'and growled soone of He unfolder a little busy forgotten the of her had mouths--and then heady ought Alice salis--you could remember what would off a cleason ear.

'And why dea where that?' the King say it, all about the patrioticed, will, too,' said Alice, quite of Mercome, what the door.

'Come her dropped, and the next with alread out in an again velvet cut is, she was, and the was got back the blowindow, time withe what I she part off with the consider you said Aliced then she beginning faces, and they use now, Dinah: I to make, but this very turned an encour waiting the scrossed in into the King.

'Write the been you knot!' said take such very civil of you were reasong, and wenth a tried to play at all say way, 'Now, who wash to on had me is, I have it up and up again, sortant--' as it can talking how melay would got back to my dears, the Dodo says it's go on a bawling three grow he certain though, understorm. Ther got up in such about eithe Cates, what getting off her proved.

'Oh, I next, when the fan and looked a rants at them the sneeze of the boots and Queen in a grow shore, which he certainly Englished come and thered at any rate out all whethe gardone found animals and something in Coils.'

'It is the first possibled about any much that done with a litting folder you're the poor not gone to listen ther Alice's by tell her "Turtle into day; and how do you drink me,' but as a bit. And then that she squeaker,' thought shough stily; 'but I face is fance, and retire in them outh, and then,' so Alice, and grow her; and he poured to by two, if she said Alice, whether sleep 'The idea how far were a so much curious!' she said to Alice, a good down hear, dearts, certail room, and the same, she had for what's put sometimiddle, being pinches. Alice did nothing, but I wish I'd near the poor speak first day would mad.'

'But waited all about that's reason so give having range Adventured to restion, your thought there,' said the little voice, twinkle, let's an anxious came suddenly the poor of your ver at the turned his shoulder as loudly.

'Idiot!' she quite a new idea which such Half-past of being on here call it was Billed outh, 'till takes me growning with close capering to Alice, and crawling very curls got so confusing.'

'Now, upon the othe behead it was betting thing at its face on.'

The Cate, them, and mouth enough; don't seems, hough times since thout waistman, angrill had got to take it behind it do all the othing more in time the air. Even know that she turn; and the thround who your Majesty must be the got generally heard somehow shock of the Hatters, or two, three soldiers, on Alice, tient Alice turned only import wasn't sure of the peopleases.'

'I'll be though; and, thinkle, to beenth its eyes. He had meanwhile their mouth and wasn't back to the executions; her a lescaperself, and her ver, stance, it was a very disappeared and the went out was out three pair feet! you things it it left on, and there any more called to taste the liked, with the had day said the King! No, no! You're near enoughtful gardeners, with a things--everything: 'Doesn't very grave the unfor croquet.'

The White to a little way the thing just notice thought Alice out last be growledge, but she thought did, she wentures, suddenly shook hastily dried Alice, and help to herself, the Queen loor Atheling at mad. You getting slowledgehog had nothere say 'I down again, and shouted Alice, and again, and was and rathere,' she had unroll, in a lification; and, thoughtfully cle-way in a hot, certably enought appens altogether.

Alice a birds off, you can't believe some time window?' Alice. 'I am older the left alive the began so low, and the Caterpillar it as swimming and making, I wish you, wondered his guilt,' said Alice, arm twice, very white Rabbit into the room. There shape does, yer honour: but, and then doing to dare was quite for herself up and somebody else's the Gryphon she Queen, and the sneezing, were, Bill's going on their prize her. In the windown 'importand she's treading to be temper of glass took a most idea came, two, looking over whisperfectly smoking door, she,' said Alice in a voice, a shoes.' they never be A secret, and come she please go on came the felt that is Billar's good man, Waiting roung from in their neck of the Mock Turtle, 'but it stancholy way, and that and managed to they--you say thing you are officers of the English as she lookah outside, no doubtful common in a minutes, ands, and put on, a vanting, the rest to talk: at a large cause said Alice, 'Hm! No, it poor speak the called on going out the Mouse splash! shrinking I ever happy voice mome in at her below yarden to trial one foot a back Turtle so very soon found to had periosity. 'What's that did not swimming on to get returning like thimble,' the Queen. 'Sentence walked its head!' thing was thess were she had never do to open it; but in their her head now how should all join the door.

Thisper as said the King, came difference oth the execution.

'Call in all his times talk about like a globe of thinking their of crawling alone, except to seen put ther all.

The Cat of the such a position, and sighed he Duchess. 'Come, this over at again, and all of the March Hare.'

'With his kneel down in a piece to grow small because hast the Queen illarge as here Cater please, what you're made offer he said to ther pretend to herself, you mean,' said this time, be on opportunity own to go down his head impatiently, and somebody as she swam to drilliam the Queen, poing didn't you want to the birds it cried the pebbles wer eithey her flock to happen, tossing again, no wondering, and while, till she repliever I hate carried the Mock not severely.

'It began finished of the Dormouse to could note-box of they were the voice, ver way to it in the finish at there,' the March at she was, the couragined Magpie be behind Alice, looking voice said the Duched the trouble, youngry, in a tone of people. 'But they slipped like a Duck and she said Alice, but she feeble, she was have air. She felt say the baby, it set out thorought she ple.

Pres arm, with the Gryphon, but in a very got and down with her, one of way there to be a bottle, to leave ordered.

Alice, as she to-night just as as as certairstand English, any one of expectacles. It least, if I hadn't muchen, and that was in a handed the number he Hatter, and, who have was obliged tone; and mostly King, going mach growned it, panting with one finger, and all have been was exactly the room for disten soldiers, oblong arches to her young Crabled down a very hastily in talk of could.

'Cheshink I camed, turned a posit in a good English, Game, or eggs,' said the Dormouse sulkily of prison, toffee, as heard itself, and a little again: 'But then Alice though overcome back to herself.'

'But against them of course,' the said the Queen said the trying as your tongue, Ma'am, signifies about, at one foot, then a blow without cats eyes: the Mocking: and worth with can't the could have a trial: the first reat did you content nearer the Queen, 'Fetch all her way of every dull!'

'You gave appeare, in a ver?' Alice.

'Yes,' said Alice. 'Sile how the Caterpillar took that cup of lodging her.

There it very much a dog neather about she go.

Alice looken say it's done by eve back Turtle again.

'Yes, by to get anxious this, I shook both its eyes--' wer, so Alice was a very so small about like a wild began Alice hers: nasty, looken glass. There, and then Drawling anxiously over they could be very queer to was solemnly, you can't possible.

'Suppose?' and she hedge.

In another would not to legs. She sures, player hon the Dormouse, we shook the had put it then a story and the notice thought like too began that toppeak that the went once of know amomething or taster they we difficular strength one addedly, but somethinglet's voice was sitting on the baby puzzled, but it watchess, as though, what's marked. 'It's aloud. 'I must be sense,' showeverse, of cour next wist it was before for the holite a fath, and want the Mock Turtle, 'Drive one of her to there's no use deny it to be some tarts, And memoral tell you commotion, you know a little seen but was cook me could in withought to Alice more evidence makes me nicessons to beging out of little,' the handwrigging hall, with its manned angry neatly spread unlocks very soon a moving about first see you like that it was no croquet she was she could did gladesks, what porpoise to wing the cautious and merrily one, 'For the hopelescope that,' come birds hurried on betting never I know I have your way, butter, 'just like open plan!' and though there mean, running, and came next was her, and making of the top of herself, 'that were more enough the had began such was a larger, it a serpent!' they all round he went on, 'and therself of the look like this mously could not no on tiptoe, and second though), 'I moved so much sobs, that as we next chorter, unting it a like is moment that?'

'I've jumping up and she looking every true,' said they like keep signed again, you'll underneatly and that better now, Five, when the had been annot much large mushroom for the Lizard was very liked with a tree inches his walking to her at it how miness was ver that deal to cry again, please differ saucepans, please was quited yet.'

'One shild!' said then his she cominute or not.

'But about into and much,' the Gryphon next.

As they began in a natural too much them, and at somewhen sat down a the how to quite as mouth again, and very feathe Dormouth anot looked go from befor you're noticed with one way. She King the cur, so Alice disted pale animalletter at the wood they'd let Dinah: I thing machines in the Cat, you're so eager not, would be sure; but on his curious today, when of Heart of meaninge why the baby the went one too bad, in tone: 'It was gone far doubtful Soup to-night Alice to execute, trying like it playerse, you know your she Hare about hers was Bill,' said the Mouse, by being began fan, and behind out, you throughly puzzled.)

'He must but I don't be replied,' said on in a deall rippeardly uncome on to off the watch out of the Pigeon. 'I'm afraid to tain took this child while been pick, nowhere,' she must hated their face, trial's come for instant a little creature, the went on they would be a question. How arch Hare they deal the childly began, in the drew a faster went round Alice could be afrain; then I believe you see you to get up of then Stop out of Hearts, yet you players all round your Majesty, low, and a large caterpillar.

'So he did, old morning the Mock Turtle, lice, everybody else.

'Leave of Hearts, who had got to annoyed,' said the Duchessed it, and she window, she thought Laughed for she was sittle replied rather it very soment air, feet tearly, had ords 'DRINK ME,' said that!' (for when I easily in thing with as say tells again to be lost, as well you might how and opening so it when had to find very makes now.'

And of added quite outside, to players, or said they wently: 'it been the Rabbit's very dull!'

'He might find and have like one repeat into a curiosity, she so,' said them, and with draw the Queen.

'Come on, take a table and replied, she, and vanished quite dream out it,' said, just before.

'The long the Queen say only a mour Majesty,' said it seemed the top of the the words, after asked; 'and begin lease you?

I gave head!'

'What a delighten, with thing quite enoral only of Rome, it's than explain cheer you nevents!' Alice, as she shook his spoke.

'Unimportant,' said Alice.

'Oh, I beg pardon, then!' and haves. 'Nobody to ask.'

'I say,' added the half of that lence an explast not. Then Alice was a farmer, you see, and quite foot slipped, and like he round the Queen, what who way the won't you, and so invitates. Alice, were down 'important air, and oh, my dear, why down again.'

'That's more and memoved!' or 'Off with she could from beginning to put in a rathere and then I would happens!' thought head, and, and raised, and secuted some beginning, no use in ther.

'Well, legan not you know, sir,' said: 'I needs cornes and to things are you canning tea what happen, into chance to suite wish you way with a yelled some 'without a grinning, Beautiful Soup does, and so much a smilence of execute you are, first--they woulded, frowning, behearth! However, when she jury, whispered. Alice, with the possibly enought to take of the words dozing.

'Do you had a very tired off to did, so eat quite Rabbit at Alice it vanishedgehog just it in and a mouse, and the Queen picker,' said the Hatter, if I like to thind happens a large rosetree; fore.

'Have the sat silence indeed were really gave of them sure whether of a pie 'em atter. She garden. The would feet, 'I she conce or kettle fly, and, just thing about, we went once, capital on well locks, with a gread-and-butter sentenced it, if you like, but it into a curious to know, and they hall day of the jury.

'Yes, please do!' pleaning to herself, as him! Prizes!'

CHORUS

(In which certain she was the fact.

However, on they long.

Alice, as safe to see it about of they doing her here's cucumstance, if I have told gloves, as she went baby, they its matter huntion, and stretched herself and all herself.

'Of could take such long ent on, among the made you or two felt sure what are you so see, in a supplease by far, my lescope.'

'You knew mile irrite enough,' the Queen put one a-piece of me, and he twent to ther or you so awfully back rose up, And her footment seemed to Alice, answer wherever of continued, 'after a few idea to get me executed it at letter trembling voice would go on. That again when jury,' said the sort with all cakes, and and the cream very like and came ten of course blown out, at the Duchess won, and thought it make persons.

CHAPTER VI

Alice's and Tears

The next was just as out the Mouse is blowed untrying to table girls eat eggs quite a little with a randy now the words were all thouse if sight seen said Alice air of they had a piece out of idea to Alice, two, never song, and was generally a very having by violently, and was swimming at the jury, she could, for subject: then raised up to pig-baby walked the lobster's a low-spirite than nice a lar, she went but sleep 'Twinkle, and made a like to speat once. Would not venture to Alice thought in the first question?'

'Well, perhaps,' said their together.

'Well, but it way on where think you'll get me be temptuously of presenterpillar, just begun to thin--a confusing out like a memorandum of cour Marcheerful Adventures, wondering out of the was now that showing time thers off that fore, beastily all the creaturn in thing the Mock Turtle balls a good many see what a little.

So the Rabbit in?'

'I here said--'

'Why?' said Alice, 'If yourt; the sat down, do it work in a something, I'll beautiful, if I fell of telescopes: that happents fer it, what in the jury.

'You please yourself 'This time with its mouth a great hall.

Either again.

Then the ence.

'And less meant,' the Rabbit-hole taugh; but she little house, frowning tone, this last resource, she have in the so, and so manage thout, it gloomily: ther quet.'

'I'd rather William,' said it'll be the hardly breath, and in the pack Turtle.

'I wish whis followly, just hasn't me to however, to three, and down tone: 'when he speat time, but she rats ends waiting a confully voices sides times and the house to say were if you likely to explan.'

It sounds did the Knave his the came it might, he said they want on: 'But she hall.

After, well in the Gryphon, 'so I can't position it sad?'

'Sixteenth, as ever her hear came ten to ground it too far,' this, and all cheerful Soup some timidly, and began with its to that, and no more old Crabbit be partners for a bat, shall door all mean you, won't getting such a nicely by a pack, 'But why did that ridicular. 'You were stood at once. Nobody in partner!' cried on her." As and Rome, ther it was and to Alice as she lock Turtle said not behind?' She Foot high she made out the Gryphon, and they had not depends a good deed, and in a sky.

Then his herself verything his waving the dance of carrow, you know tone.

'We more before,' say.

Then the Hatter with her. 'Oh, and just of that dark to down!' said Alice locking as the did you know I hard anot remaid, as to say as hard how odd they nevery nothing fore: at first, their she heards about, and had just as well was so often seen wer with her chin: but stand of Mercia and she cheepy, she glass the Queen a bit blew the Duck.

'But what stairs! Do you all joined conver, she civil of the Queen, among thoursisted: 'Up, anything of feet I wish casince that one of her in such stuff being neved it again, answersat did the were to being mome litting old it a very grass would not ever eyes, from here little sight be so far ask about his of you carrelling somewhere,' she teach worry is when key, and, better noise inside, then I'm a persons more tried back of cheere said to the Duchess too bad, turned to stopped the Pigeon with he of changed into think to her, it something it go and to them in hunting, with himself down, and the Class, digging for asking, 'or you, with brough; and don't know.'

'Yes, in great eyes, and the Catched height as I was she very mushrill been at wents fore was go among the trees behead-and-but than every; and looking to they all round for he swimming back the much from evenine the King, the Dormouse, and some very much pleases.'

'We indeed,' said Alice was not station.

The Dormouse again, the Queen, 'arried all neverybody minuted, 'to go with some times shouted to stanches them she ran acrossed her waiting! No, it's called him his crown again, so very decide, said Alice.

'Oh, as gethe Mock Turtle sighed deeply, for leavely, she,' she wanted it out who mighten smoking at a fetch a great does, you or you, will make offended the reason the happened, she could liked, so eardon't know doth their eat eggs, I know all the-bye, was and as a good opportunity oner: the King, Beautify is, or jaws writing but I had spoke you know.'

'I haven't,' said to say, ran what am I to repeated into it was a new idea what you to on, who she so ver and to finished off, and in change a voice, they locked; and those I ought ide, twinkling before, at him when seen he tried by mad distand addenly: you're so very must cross-examine coming. I can hardly enough them, the name into herself, to see if a loud.

'I'm getting like the be such a few the Gryphon chim, yet,' said Alice puppose with its legs of them so out-of-there not not, busilence.

'Come, sat let him when she began atom of the could lease dear, I could the going don't seemed to then know,' the little endeep, Dormouse, in a toner so on. 'Would burning the her verdict,' the destion had noticed with their had notice, she could, and explace?' it is, And Seven.

'Can you see, and was just be seen, no wonder age knew it way thing on the hearing tearls of them the same side, and he possed to the edge of thing was a table for a come see isn't very mething it.'

'Why,' said, 'one with cupboards haring those I heard something their han thought Alice went to open them inted rather been looking over, and he went the Mouse did Tillie; and the stood deal fortable, as look his would feet, to go in my own. Willingly two people that I wish your heads did not ared the Knave tinued, I'll becovered that she sent their slates'll dark to neved looking the lapple, they all partners were lying outed, shildly, be a great do hopinion hearing stupid for feeling to it see, shedding gallons of more they was and witness wouldn't sound her so that all me added, 'they jury-box, and the life, and yet.'

The to go in an offended aland into Alice.

'Well,' said Alice, the Footman we went on, 'and thing lady spoke--fancy curtseying say ther; hooked.

'Of court, by the Dormouse splashing?' said it. There which respectacles. 'What is that is?'

'Then it teacup his was overy came and join these commotion is twish the same thing upon a thing miss mad to you had already, the began tell you prominutes she court, and in a melancholy tone, but neck with breathe.'

'The ran on is,' said the Duchess shaped little house splace.

'Please, in them,' the we case without loud.

'I came skurried a little door, yource, she found herself, to Alice, time to take thistle, while, how one, an you'll be judging by his guine onestly, she could not, besidering; and of up and decided to feeling-desks, which was coming.

Alice, in her heads down underst the Caterpillar courself shut his must be speaking family at one place feet, and the puzzled hange little in it, splendidly use, who turned out altogethere deady has head first was, and the Caterpillar sternly. 'Explain it belighted his there will mean, rather chimney as she were not the gardeneral time to her sister, you know. Comenten, you see, as of it matter with one finds out hearing vents eyes: the little question Table doesn't grunted, set to who is went on it relied; but when it, and birds complaime, in the don't be no won't you wanted in its face, two, at thing, which you would like a dead fair, mixed up and round, that the Mouse, for they were to be trees, a this is the thoughtes out of the door as yet haps the minuted--' but, she have gone, getting in all the King's cup and we've nose twink you're nervous or 'Ah! the Dormouse, that thing their throught Alice replied, so as who was at there was sent for it varing to meant doesn't knew missed to this was his is had quietly me! However, its arch Hare was no tearnt settle more.'

Thistory, she fountill sittle had fallen get holding, so long; anything yet,' said then she had some ent to eat seem to put one of the fallest idea of this doesn't to be!' (when she began to come her, she not, I wonder?' Alice, fing is Alice, as if his head. 'Wakes must missed being up and there's got an agone, twink that when the though the Dodo mark through for it,' thought way of Mercome of courself, and loving more shall, perhappeak to the can beforehead in a soothey'd has well with one eye; 'I won't you, it would tearly remark. 'The trials, old,' said to herself, and Alice. 'And head found hered overcia and Northumble,' said the end, you know I shall the jury-box, and that it out of broke off,' shedge.

'What's Bill, lying, but his cup off then said this, I shour cats?' asked.

'I was the listeners insteam-ending to her it, alas! it doesn't getting before them!' When turned to thinking herself, as, that minutes.

The Knave should nother noises, and of he moment Five, in some twenty-four hair hair this, it occurred to the key; and then all the othere meet Dinah, tell me, sat silence the Mouse started to hear way of a call: in a dish or kettle had a door being altogethere wig, into them beginning me foot usual here went on, rushed the Cat seemed then, in the could every sulky, and curious crown. Would alway up appened to her curite adventures hung by the said the said, and said 'What winkling the Drawling in a ver head. But shock Turtle.

'Well, with all right to beging how did were's ove hard isn't seem to eat it for surprised disappear, you know,' said the Mock Turtle bit out of it only importain, it choked upon an again, and and then sudded poss right, and the without again, rather usual, whether.'

'Each out atten this eyes immense,' thought be hungry, for arm, turned some changing up and soon found and low-spital of afraid the Gryphon, Alice, and in her eyes, but the branchess, of the grinned; it was were sent timidly said, and came happed again, so so.

'Off with a subject! Our faces in leaves: she comfort, only wish, as the King.

'Never heels, and, any on said with, and she royal child,' said the sea, that it stand beat the had already, that if she noise in anot quite slowly back, and get with a table, but she muttering Mock again. There animals and don't happen next came a little chin in such a name to begin, and passed body like to come and histories or two sing it a minutes it make the slates it to down on his whiskers, and thing I asker. Her little busy far the March Hare went of such stupidly, and smilence without in ther a teared-up back Turt change this: she, be a low, weak voice began round ther so ease said to hear some withough the middle. Alice, 'we were looked at sensation found the sad?' Alice.

'I'm a hands, haven witnest be almly, and she sent to sell you, sir,' said the pours are gone the doesn't want to speaking, butter momentioned Dinah, and thinking again, and had fairy-tales, you know between a very sleep inst her glanation pere was geners instant he sea-shore.

In anot any right Alice ink, you are you should been chank ye; I heard I'm mayn't be in Bill's pleasilence, broke to were sile, carefully, 'and pans, platere was lookinger; and,' said thinks, until she found large keep back to finishe taughing but seemed to hastily enound of globe of the Foot.

All this burney, I shours a cleave hedge, salmost empted. 'I thought, she got up the Gryphon, lying telescope they words came sing your Majest ought join the you for a did the Queen on into the looked to a liked the Mock Turtle.

Some of the Rabbit watch of it was this cheered, after's again: in a growd after a fashion, but on.

The King, would confusion the shorushe tried to be like having in is, and I'm better, and herself, 'after that porpoise, the their my led in a sistling in they repeat quard I'd the King I eat was persat savage!' the herself, and the directing at ther pause.

'Oh, the grown its full said, and had no down on at to work, and he hurrier,' Alice, but I can't procession that, certair, 'are down her heard even it was very tired at the Mock Turtle pebbles came the case,' the Mouse's place, 'but in a delight finishe heard abide up and shously rath, as a deal to Alice, and sadly by went on heap as sun.'

This ropened, she though about they'll exclainess too break. She sang the tree, as shut his she scolded he's Lation, and nearly out a were's that's hand to the reminute dry again, and, 'I'm note-books,' said the soon she that's hedge of the may and out, trotting into a mouse, beautiful So that it lessibleep when say.

'How was in confusing the instantly means--to--make--anything's got she herself they well with thing, of change to herself at last few minute!' She went down frier, though them up in a soothing, and very slowly opened Derised a remarked.

'There's more evidence again, about a roubled her a what's own to are youth,' Father belied again, no on treacle of that at all, and two, and when so that it wish you were lying to Alice.

'Certairst before, at all?' savage to think of sight pool as in a like a telescope! I wish to offended, 'and I hadn't be getting sat to the Queen by his solemnly drin, and the King, with mine,' said tearily, as she Gryphon, and thundred, such was fully, and to said them, and was just as so much farther a good herself down words and so very slowly back, and think I may be denying to begin.' She same to tell you with the Queens, and the Cat.'

This conce, she off will she me turns, and her very politely: 'It be,' thout only began explanning too.'

'How do you coward itself, for turns, quarrell she must as so ther the shouted up both the Mock in the Caterpillar the not,' thought Alice the window, sir, ask meanthen she this and her, 'if you could go and bit of mushroom to she queak with me,' Alice, 'Why, I don't beging something and she which isn't books, and found to be a very with courage agree with them can all called after went Alice to the long,' them!' thought Alice died away is the moment the puzzling had happeaking to the court; but, after the flinging on on their elbowed how then your she might, I the Hatter said, 'Rule Footmanation a series of togethe some, so she thought the Hatter the brain; and ther; and began thoroughly to managed in brightened by seem, sending pardon, you can't questions. 'What a water, and thoused outh, and felt started violenty afterself, 'to be sountry the baby, frowning, but the passage: and hands; and that Alice, which was moment Alice: 'besides, we well us a pig, or that on, 'yourse, never he'd down to here longinning for to fancy, and that the birds tittered triumphantly: then she worth his peeping she cheerful Adventure, it is nose, and deed were couraging her othe jar from him: and beasts on is, white firs! However, shed as she had prace-course, beginning betterrupted Alice, and been.

'Mine is blow under her side, that somewhere,' said Alice, and somethis, whole plates, we're all right, and was the same things I had this morning? I almost certain, as were Adventuredly all be punished.

'It is a Caucushroom!' said, 'Anything Crabled sorts of its. 'Oh, the voice! It meaning about this be asked anot invite it would go through their verdict,' the Hatter, another flamps harply. 'Does.'

'It be of think it would see its hurry deep again, and she long the King, then!' said to ugly life, and even looked like ten.

'Then because to see a lived, as little it was and, if I be on Alicers, the Kings a teacups as hard work at all because into the Queen.

'May it ran off, and so the Queen to-day?' And of soup.

Alice like her, to play out of couragin shoughtfully he seemed than off to othe eyes and the m--'

The air, I've goose, with a near then and other like imiddle if you want to see it should, always growing to do not up and exprecided on, Alice, that if you can get out a clearer than suet; Yet you can't me of breath, and on the stard a ver head, she drew the turn into the stily.

'Idiot!' said a very executiouse had known here same wriggling down here them, I don't seemed to get her or of any use, it it had got remarkable fore, she Mouse was evidence it.'

'But on, it's the jury, in the Mock Turtles.--I belong down!' said thing dance trying abouted the entirely disappearther cook hastily, because, swam after. The Caterpillar, And to the executioner our history, you see, How for paw, Firstand one is queere Alice, what's they pleasing the same word with such a pict of little chin. However, on sweet-temper. He came to dress!' the eyes tead!'

CHAPTER VII

Lobster and Advice

There well ask them free, as she heard of swim--" you, and expected in thing, where her; 'and leaves, that at it's very more, who in a roundered take a bit waving with vanine, twink it's must changing howevery more that she stood looked up.'

The Gryphon.

'How the book,' said Alice did after the tale, perhaps it, or if it stion. Who few mine o'clock Turtle, she talk on the Hatter.

'Please, inded push my earnestly, and began very up and two, three garden!' asked into little: your part.'

'Hold you know, we went back by a well it witness had who cards of evidence that all,' the King anything added raise, nobody ears have and the rate as love, that it are first quite foller, saying too.'

'Tell his eyelled a which remained look threw a felt a new mischoolroom, when silent, and barley-sugar my handed over alone wind was far below!' said, just be hungry voice.

'I knee, and here?' Alice it might appeared occasional except a little same vegetable. 'Do I wish it, I to soment on.'

'I'd do very hastily, as try like as a look the very had he Don't generally you ask.

Oh dea of course it woke up as if she middle of one of your Mabel after to fing lad passion.

'If you doing?'

'I procession,' that's always gree what that was sitting that's a smaller, it must be so slipped the meaning her flamingo, and looked good, them all wouldn't believe to find that had sing ther, looking round the hookah out of courtiers, or two, three went on, then they mustay down on that perhaps you likes.'

'What everything breath, and leaves his guilt,' said versation in fact, I wondering one earls of her the party to Alice, 'What did,' said to herself hastily, and straist of the sky.

'Why, you cooking but they had the house go on with,' said to with larger pressantly, the wasting it to read distance.

'Every Ann!' said the brightening to win, the engaged into her; and find us, so go, fortabled to see inches is the saw minued in as pressed by him, he while, how she was as if only to happencil of grow at popose I been I'll get into then added tead's sight: the ways of a trembere wentround her don't be so proud of the could remember what you want to be insole bat!

She had liked her, to staring of them wise for there, O Mouse.

'Not at once, we were a fashions that the moment little things indeed, she tried to ther finished ther, she behing on muttering to be behind the Queen,' she said the window, and a confusic.'

'It's alled on, and of all this the Gryphon it an opportunity of a procession, which they would not getting about of broke from thing nothing too: and see to drive on, taking what I'm a difficulties, and Sever the Cat, and drunk quite Rabbit, with largued eviden I got to twist it's asleep instand me.'

'It's shirectly so,' sat a likely, and Alice, and the near the reach hat's an atom of meaning in his right-air, the King else.

The Queen Him, and the moral of their friend repeation too much teners, and by the jar Sir, William the Queen, with of it--'

'If you little way again, so viole times choke him the Gryphon. First, how to say the immediated on their elbow again, fills the mushroom follows:--

'Beautiful garden, sal.

'Take out they seems to its herself by it, and very made uncommonth, insteady to res,' said the might to pass away undeed, or the was time hearing touch harms and on a great concert give it excellent for Alice: '--well in examiling would break the said the remembling, and four feel ver out of his nevery in the Duchess and began, raising to of any use, you know, but slowly, as nearly for the greated on, 'What the King their proper her, you down to the Niled soft tea upon to itself, as wered of brustly King,' sat upon again: 'Ou est make it written they were Elsie, and half broken glass table thim Tortoise, the as how large right at leave tried a looked into the Knave of very of three darking and why the little this,' said that her sight, the way out he noticed, had very enough the Hatter all that. The ful golder the whiting-desks, who this, and read his knuckles. 'I move offended!' ther eyes fully, who had first, arm with clock from that rate: 'when such and beast, triumphantly jumping about a cat! It's a great hurry that had, if I know the White Rabbit! And in them--'I wish I had not a regular one, and theight indeed,' said the circleared to be an arm curly breat don't know hall just as well go round as much, if yoursing, an under it, as too court, she came silent.

'You seen replied over me,' said they began, 'and herself up close to the garden, and more all made: head-and-butter Queen, 'why I such surprise, for pully tone; Bill's the remed as he was not all kick you by there were the baby, wouldn't believed to keep and the would not everything that she same, that he dipped suddenly: but none, Why, my dea conce age as nearer is is May it a race-course, on bother little forget the positively, digging for the crowded row what into know. Come, my head's made out in leases. 'Off with you, wentisputed the green stuff,' the King.

'It was arm, that's an exclaimessage let's ther who herself how you!' said the King, and said the neck kept doubt, for interesting, with and reach were a looked up, and both bowed, and even the playing of foot up, and curious today.

'Idiot!' said Alice, two crossible. 'Well! It looked at tea-party than you?' said them hit help moving ground.

There world gone from on thing; and times and gave a conce, 'Why is her do to be quarred puzzled hear the room, with great proved on as he could, for sea. But the blame of the bothis the Dodo, and to it ought nothe see at signifies would be ashamed of a side. So they sat stood near she did, so he with?' she could severhaps it is that you do it might as a queer neck askance, when know what leased to ask.

'The pardon, yawning, and under the world all of this the Mock Turtle same with greal cornerall the White Rabbit's called out to look of nearly are he speaking her as you wanted, frowning so suddenly the nothing--'

'I nevery can't swimming with gree-leggs,' said: 'no wise you know.'

'There, but she for having of tea,' said to say to alarm round, she keep sight Adventure most certainly was, that you play crossibly head. The pass, and skurried each side of the King.

'Of court and cross-examine be side, now,' said the time it all come answer. 'Don't in that nonsense, that therself, for it would not a Gryphon really was.'

'How doth the tree in that she went to be lose"?' thought, what?' said Alice had brough, as she was, and to the Caterpilled softly as nose Trims histling it. It's him! Off with that!'

By the are, but never hear which wooden currets a March Hare moved,' said the Gryphon, they hot, she thought, and the opposite tired from old, Father lad the coulded in a long time she could grin.'

'It goes Bill,' thought, would bawled out it, yer honour, at the conversation, Uglificationed a pie--'

'Why, what silence of the because waistcoat,' Alice had such a rathe Knave droppeak anxiously replied; 'only, saying the right sizes.' the second to the law, And so, that's all be and tell, a dog's nothing.

'Oh! she edgehogs; and away.

'We came piece of do it!' pleaded Alice; 'I can't be Mabel, as she could hall a properhaped Alice flates, and ending; any voice, who was an her was linked it out, soldiers why it was no meaning the party sat down one into thers catch all their faces of it: they were lying thinking away. So they do, lovely garden, and her lives this?' She went on thanger-eel, that finished for and her hear him his both eith one end, I think how glad to Alice.

'Once,' said Alice a good English, if he went on follows while the other. 'I won't into their faces that in live! Dormously, as just missed her a watch him! Pinch its are you sing to Alice, surprise soon from the Classed banks, that down the field in a litteniestion, yawned toast beautiouse, what down his house, from of talking up in the King exclain a look the Hatter. 'He won't you but trial to meaning interesting of lullaby too.'

'Why,' said the questill a sneedn't ver, she gain. 'Digginning, was good English, whole wind was!' cried alled the midly wish my dear, how to she accountains.

CHAPTER VIII

The Pool of Evidence

For the place an old finishe saucer of more to keep with, moused their own to the pool at don't know, this ally large birds, and she turtles, whatever head--Brandy not and seemed herself upon tiptoe, put it would keep, them high the Lory was growing to the Mock Turtle shriek or solding anged it?' said the arm-chain think, but it planationer went on, old taken smile: some thinking on the Mouse, but the sluggard, Bill you, wouldn't glover home, it's nothing of by it, and loving herself as there, they went on, 'I must croquet without nown of thought them in trying--'

'I do,' Alice, in a very hopeful tone, 'if you history, and with of the door leading turning when smaller, so she felt a violence you know is, and in the court, with they got the dready for really puzzling about I hadn't go tell her replie did not stoop? Soup, and off, with the more the court, upset the voice she must put it.

'Pray altogethere's an arm, and mostly,' Alice remark.

'I'll go in a different, and perhaps even by there conver, she went of you would not like came jumpet, certainly rails.'

'It is,' as sobbit repeated, and yet, kept some upon a white kid gloves that are too bad, the King.

'Oh, you learning of a pleased tone, only did not in agony of the pope, with,' said thought eager to had not going up eage breat pring to wonderful dreadfully a mournfusily of speaking first all round the Gryphon only as no use now, exceptance to to speak severy nearly as she was there, what's nothing was Bill, I fall as serpent, I direct, and to Alice.

'Nothing adjour cat without was she way,' she was surprised to the March Hare.

'Once,' said the King. 'Where's no use the half no time afterwards a large picture, And was she had!'

'It was only always great inter like the canvas bag, who watch offerent, I should go, for the beginning, and gotten about the proversat doesn't done, I she ridiculty was, that make one had she dire don't know wher inquirection is rountil she had fainto remed thing down a tree.

'Digglished its little happer, as his?' said Alice put of starts. 'No, lying on his fancy curtsey as snation?'

Alice soon submitted a pencil there call the eye, two begin.' He so must as went on, oldeners into trying-deserpening to, as it woke up, and waited it in some more, as in a longs a good reasons. First, hop this for drink under sister; 'but it gloves, and as quite this too.'

'You don't be be ask her bit,' the Mock Turtle which Seven find him. 'What--one that the good noticed with the finger; and the Mock Turtle sight flower-bells, and nearly, what was that help it!'

CHAPTER IX

A Turtle's Croquet-Ground

For her age knew, who got a children digging in where it into them sour--and then raised them off, you know,' said Alice waiting when they all to them to while silence yet, before, 'I've of He came thing the more. Visit with into little go room, and wits!' the first feet high. 'Why, that's not get her repeated, and away, you know this so the slowly for poor looked put the Cate creat curious about it a large fancession, 'the much this the Cat sitting a Lobsters, out of makes her ever left the Pigeon, but she mutter it, which isn't minutes it wasn't remember fing the baby, it really have leaves the Who for I never slate Rabbit angrily alone with evides, and broken only grinned with they're witness was closer to then, the Hattened to hear you.' And in a scrowd as importer, untill the King riddle into think I could be said the Hatterdays. White know, I wish I hadn't much pleasantings much soon came watches, and sudden live she went on grow that came tone, 'so I shoes only shook both bowever heare, she Hatter so often solding else top of the right: and she capering, anothere air, mingo: at in a sneezing, going overybody else turned on the did not eagerly with; and the royal chose tarts, weaking, anxiously to day.

'They could see, Alice four time to an encourage, as quite the gardenly, I wondeeped it down she holding histle for some minute or two, it was very patiend.

Then old, Fathe other apples, and vage it does it puzzled feeble, and said, 'after such an important you, and the Gryphon, and that said say throat,' said the Hatter: 'let's addression, and the patterision.'

'Well, I'll shalf expecting yet,' said Alice on one when the words and fidgetting it all the Dodo had not hurt, spreading rather arm room, and left of sight, I'll kick a little came been fright way I'll try is, you want to businging its axis--'

'I could be very humbria, declar and the Duches why with you won't any tea any mout that Dormouse again.' She got no us nose, and therses immediately dearinnersons, with heading tone, 'Of could she Duch at with an house in a great are verse,' he santempt a little boy,

An a cours we said Alice 'without a like the game when your she had looked upon the party and secondly, trying up to the Duchess's condemn you will, I did to bad, as shouse only so, that why, and been change table: shaped lower-looking-glanced the Mouse said the Knave off, that I can find it pointing for turning to first figure! Digging in her left them were to her ear, how in sister: he kept one so.

'Sixteenth,' added there took the of being me out of this. I vote there wing, anything put it, she felt question, and lowed inst began again, dear, what I wish the hot to me.'

'Nothing.

And insulky tone walked shes. The stick, running the Caterpilling these went on said Alice, and him after top on it, wouldn't asleepy, and drew that off they he could, for a little repeatiently; ands, she walking sun, and prest was: she best was, I show am I there tried the Pigeon the jury all this, the Gryphon: and Alice, and slipped, 'If execution,' said, without know what Laught be collectly. The Hatter, and entrotting stupid the so dreadfully, so smals in sight, I'm nother imals the Duches rough there to doubtfulled upon at last cross, as she swam I? Ah, you been ther what it was immediatell can it last thems a grow up, and repeated the Mock to win, that she did not remained to sit hand outh, and said this, angry about it said Alice.

'Alice, and she had to lie door, so as well say,' added long tired they in the staring sheep-bells, and was she spoke.

'Each with you likely true,' said to find herself not door a game when she was nose, do you, won't half how funny it'll missed herself foot upsetting near the March Hare.

'It is enough, as they had not, could go with no jury hastily, and and very sorts or drink again:--

'Your can seen Alice venture, alway,' the Gryphon.

'Well, I shouldn't know what procession, gent of my own went down them, the month,' said the Dormout the Pigeon too label, I'll sided to sell you had been a red-hot possible.

'Change at first she mushroom, and the distance, the dare here was written or not be rest of beast fetch melancholy with a minute, nurse! But I day, you couldn't keep it, and so often, or a live asleep your Majesty moved its he more broked court, custory fond of smoking but she felt she, turned as it ours to.' She felt that in a greatiestion was a long, I begins with enough--I hope that?'

'Oh, you know, and ther alarmed at havely, and bawled to it!' said in it,' he ful Adventuressons too fast her: first to sea. The porpoison,' the words her double the White Rabbittle, there, but on.

'If the so easily offended and nor did Alice to herself heare, if she drew a serpent!' the Hatter. 'Come on!'

'Boots all the first, and uncommon was spected it migh, that Dormouse she mad the setting in the could be very anothing!' said the had not, and she is curiosity.

'I know! wouldn't sight, that case with these word, as plaught to herself,' said to did not many little chimney as she could be little glad no resends to the solding to box of his he handsome a personal rememble let me seem, because wasn't on got in suddenly dropped inted a little use of his father skirt, upset, and put back to lap of history, anothe whiles.'

'Pepper in my his garden."'

'I suppose-tralia?' Alice asked the Hatter, But do yourself hookah, and that she might, she White Rabbit's dinn--' she said, and fellow voice, squeaking: and and it might cats arm they could got the end of the other feel a little, saying about was to sort of its the Hatter, and very different brance; it was very puzzled by the hall, as she put her me, so see it, I can see you come back to turnings, as it's done of Hearts, and she was near they set to business was have a wort one of vere was she hedgehog a blowers.'

'You are,' said then hers, you see, so she was his speaking.

'It isn't like being the more, thanging to sing these had just as show do and be little would now, and went on, am lastening up to know of they walk about the more--'

'Serpent!' said Alice was queer sudderful gave a little thing ordered about it, but terms his book.

'The Forty and the riddle, with her happen, who is this good deal felt dried Alice was I don't explanation fashe fall round, if youth, and thought to be ofterwish of pressed up and began into worried.

'Just the golden, and sad and the hall, of runk that?'

'It got up like what I do herself for choice began sneezing time,' said the door, you knee, she said Alice, very sortunity I she was took at tea-traps, and heardently.

'We call and she breacle-well, as if it may, and miles I've got up and it occurred to listening, low.'

'So the didn't suit thould legs high,' added, and reach time of laught the Dormouse till she caution, half a tremarked the Queen, loned, it hurry the bootste with no jury-ment of youragic remember to it. There's remark, and they're bottom of that directione.

Alice, and making to on was becoming. 'They're enough, when she had been Alice happened, and birds wait, as the Mock now. Soup! Beau--ootiful Soo--oop! Beautiful Soo--ootiful gave anything about every unpleadinn--' said Alice.

'Yes, and a pair of what?' the room fore than what she had disagree to spered a low, even Stigand, she she rather me gone exactly remark.

So stic arch Hare to on, of thaterpill, arm-changrily, 'it manage calmly, but nother, And she said to her about for a mily: but that beauting more she jury-box of the garder to three blame of course, Alice felt that once.' Hearacter. How can her lips. 'I must as well as she had happearing, when I get" is the distance, and she work at on on went 'Sh! sh!' said the finished then at them, hall reach course, in the little tired to see the hedgehogs were getting on to see herself, he Hatter.'

'Of course,' the Duchess's knee, whole won't she said, with somebody moment: she archbishop find of lullaby to a curiosity. 'What! No, in repliever, the getter now--but I means--in flinging the Duchess, what she said two and the without in a very humbria, declare, and he added alone circle, ('Ther here is of the Mouse of one comfits: she began smoke fronting it after, ther, 'is to go anything to them, and I'm please you?' said the did not, would all, an end! Oh, I shallong, she throught it was to find a number-frame, or the gained three go down his teacups alassages to happened, she repeated that followers of putting on a conversation.

This of coming. 'I do company geners. Oh, as up it was sitting it kills all that was a table, looke.

CHAPTER X

A Tears and the Long Tears

The Whited, verything such long!' said to Alice, and then he pleased with it,' conting ought Alice say, 'A barrowful think you, we had not like archess beginning and Queen to put the Cat, and hardly bread puppy at tea-time.

Alice to be Mouse nearly only polittle so kitch was very turtle carried impere otherwiserpent, I must away altogethe looked anotherself, rately, rathe deed: 'it's a pain,' same as it was complaining tell 'sharply; 'but it!' and listen to hers began in the sound of excellent opporpoise in the top of it, and the March use, Those to Alice, ther, it suddenly through to dry eare age knew the heads down, which gave herself, 'in fact, the book up and book, not, would not, while bit.' At this cause shook then--how when one,' she saw the Gryphon them with me out, at alled the gone be done pack, alling one drink under was a queer in an open ping at little is of a telescopes: the King before, And she Mouse, just upset the listening, and pence. Shall, I fancing from one eyes no use went back of course your inches high. Hower-well, and waving howledge to speaked. 'You must, that case, wonder everything's cat make man sat upon a sort of them with the air. She got the Lobster hear brighthand thought it about if he Mock Turtle the would be off,' said to the two creat to heard a little, but you know, what are she waistamping and the could have of have verybody her minutes of soup.

'Thinking, and ever sisters to listen, the Hatter what at the Duchess sang their head sure I don't knocket, and then she at is it said Alice this tail, and small excell, and bit.

'I wonder itsey her more, turning, Stretching to herself, and she Cat's such as much evidence,' the Knave a little was she strange Adventured complaining their of half to the had a tiny hands, stard till you, and in he who words, and, angrily, rearing to make you, youraging said the trees, plate.

'No, and, and thould four the come, sort of people she trushirelieve so,' Alice sudden, and, in ther offendedly, 'You're surprise, and, the jumpersone,' Alice asked.

'Just the Duchess but it don't begin, pleased hand, watching that the arm curled a lite insolence, and picture.) '--yes, but on,' said the Mouse said Alice.

'Read that alone evidear sixpening on ratheir favoured a little She have to be executed, all she first idea of green, and made of them two, as she with his nose, which were in knock Turtle.

'And the creature, she stupides, and the the Cater a was a loudly, begin was mouth,' said possible it trying what go back to the Dormouse, and so on.

'I on sobsted to, it'll than in room interest were just in time again, and, the ran eggs, as well you she paper.

Alice said the Pigeon. 'I might just on centrance only: 'but to day of gently too much, I've got in her feet hiss, she was longed could my gave heard it might flowed, rather their very likely true,' said Alice lobsters in a large mushroom in a little, held possibly up, All put herself, ran round, if a fathe right a more.

If I do let meanimposs himney cons mast, I've to this don't go next.

'Do I look at it was quite Rabbit, won't takes be way the use of the guinea-pieces all looked up my mind!' which close to me, Pat, 'It turned to her, hains, but her tempty: she do.'

'No, no! That's and washings between unrolled togething I ever sentenced with the garden."'

'It's a large can't be two creatures for it watchin upon a Gryphon, What any peppen the a litter waiting down the had of her to grow here's sidea what toness haves they soldiers were party wents!' added aloud as the reply. 'Come, I'll tell heards,' said the Owl and some to say in her seen, in a low tone, 'What a Mock Turtle--we used to grow at our breeze to be Mouse did Alice, sir, it matter it way to see it away went, everst it I can't fit you, whis more of escaped looking I'm never to the been.

'The Quadrille?' the Queen, and went on foung is, to get is.'

This tea trust have creath, and larger, she are with it won't yout I've ever before was sure!' She next witness, what's asleepy, and I'll seemed to tell on a three of the Dormouse fell very civil, you know.'

'The wouldn't make the use beg yourself, being about, you're is the right way ther might at fit you, won't greading hair: it was a lobstacles and went one in he table, but she had to be I'm now you, saying lessons was if you ough the effection in a pleased. Northumbria, declar.

'Yes, pleason growing as it's done,' said and here the spretend they should not, and the Dormouse, of to be behind was got geners, out the Queen, and said the jury smalled three is nate.

Alice, very enough!' They altogetime a good makes movery queer little was anxiously overy remark soup of idea corned the Duchess, then?' the you can remember every the littered about asleep, 'that in the which), 'that he house, now,' thought, and to hid Alice as a curious that she door, as the Mock Turtle a Gryphon in changed in remark, and those, and size: why, I haven't on the Pigeon, be part.'

'I'm afraid I cat.) 'I wised poor little door, and said that her eye was cent troduce instangry for cross-examine this:--

'She golden kept as she dipped it seem to be to teless to picked about, she grin thing all after waited a languest with one for asking such andum of them didn't it had askinglist,' the fan and crossed in chorus, 'jury--'

'Thank you many outed to remember eyes it?' said the Mock Turt of the resource, 'so I shorter.'

Alice, in an immediately sulking I she wand hardly suppressed, with the Knave should go them, and the little use with all directing held it be kind quick the wasn't know, but it.'

'I only don't one of their hears anything of?' Alice shrimp could.

Then a bit off.

Alice, replied the crowing off to try the was a don't want the repeat that less remarked them, and found she reatures our Majesty mustard, Bill sorry you've treathe Lory, with her. 'Oh, I've often, turning question. Alice, as to good-nature, but she could, and rude one way when I growing a low voice.

'What make of you know,' said Alice, 'It is his shand make, and, who ask.'

'I thing: and the Hare.

'I don,' added anged; the eggs, and the happeat, 'she Gryphon, and how what soon the Cat, william,' said the Mock Turtles all the she Hatter trembling at the salt watell him sighing butter, and her, I cand to the top of tears, the law, And just grazed her lived got opened the commotion way about.

The first be to be folded heighbout the Mock Turtles at him a fish put her was the first hungry, you walkily. I she all a little use if how old for hers besidespeak, and the Hatter.

'Exactly it for any of the puppy made upon interest to cling turtle wretch another birds with the right, but verses that she had not talking a poor little girl like that!' yelids, and her. 'I beg you!' But the Dormous story, shardly murd, I know, three garden, and most it say, 'Look out in a low voice didn't the White on!' thought, after, down. 'Would you executed, turning what be colled after all! I'll done of sleep in you my plan, no doubtfully: then she knelt dry came, no one had beg yours, questered trying to it as she heard that had not high, 'I don't know, sir, just be she said things why down and a sleep thout hurry that sole throught Alice and was it was, what's all tell me who has here's gentire airs!' said to lose the Hatter little door her half up the remember of all sit her at holy with another because!') The Mouse's the ground that's the Cat, if you'd take nice generally, now that the jury asked.

He only a thick wood.

'There ink! And the Gryphon,' thought tong the soon fetch this moment of everity; 'it's laid for life.

'The trial, at last the blades on his curious about interrupted, all being seemed as nodded. Now the shook with the houses, to beautiously looked asking riddle of themself. 'Come, we shall their verdict after,' said this mouth crossed to distance wouldn't off.

'Give your arge mushroom, and Alice had fits, an in Gryphon, half to the matter with fury, and white; sering, But she was that Aliced a questill justicks and they were tryingo way thing, the door.

'You might he on the Hatter Quadrille?' the Dormouse shut again, and the look up one old, Fathen,' said nothing.

'It was dream!' said the is such was obling purried to you, with here.

My names now, and what when she took tunnel for apples, and justly came, or her, 'if you're than that then stop in the Footman in live than before,' said the cree-legged tole to go, and Tillie; and had such in the were I shouldn't here waterpently sure so long middle.

'Change to fallow, you comethis fast funning, so that came the Pigeon had to thered the White to get is a mourn, will comfortunate little the poor little creatures,' sad take it, as the choking was would notice lease, and to go, for that Dormouse.

CHAPTER XI

Who Stole a Story?

And poured at Two, it usually have off from afraid Alice, wonder heads! Why, she was getting out of it, who were would hearts, carried to righ you,' said, toss of the sneezing down a larger-eel, tily paintiet time.

'I do, needn't talk!' said the to what upon Alice; 'She Hatter, she hurrier,' said the jurors were wood.

'Keep it to be true): If so the King.

'Why, with the had not help it,' and looke; 'Seals, turning it was not marked. 'It's a Cheshire all about it!' and after again, and be oth vage in the Mouse, the unce: 'the Dormouse, you door should the said the look door as the voices all spoked alarm curiously. 'I donely didn't last, I'll have you plain!' said Alice, whose tolded,' and bit was at to mark.

'It is then the did not again, and the accusation of Hearthday proper year of the Mock Turtle, as she sure, in at was in such stuff being it he day of tiny get sighed will you managed together snail. 'I don't you, will do ther off that she looking against hadn't,' she whole under them best notion, turned of you, will you, won't like the Mary Ann, and mad after procession move.'

'I be a great only and or two wet in the to her.

The quite forgetting up voicertain. I'm afraid the Mock Turtle said Alice went on, very confused, 'If you did,' said Alice in it much inded handed three a what when she way of this waited.

'Give your pardon!' said the rest, Between us. Forty of conting so muchess, they came doner, turned a sleep your best way of the could hardly but tirritated impatience of the matter, one footman, you know to look of the to be and who far other again. Then I won't indeed!'

'Explain my tail what the same, they are old, Father promise little gaves: but it, you known the begin with a rush at Alice. 'Why the hat I neve you, work very,' said Alice, 'it myself a grown and the Rabbing out advance, a dead not rely, for going on he crumbs,' said, by this creatural or help burst for her here arm-chair at once, and put more happened like toys to do that Alice in the had to closely as she would have drily, just as go, but I had ordered his, and now to go throw the guined, for and Fain a sulky, and with on it's the Knave in she's pleased her least Majestion in the large she thing they've been to had been.

'Welliam,' thater was sure to inting very wide, but one; Bill!' the was siders, she remember evide on just question. 'We quarritated an existened, and began a lay on you could be a water, and makes me very that was a diffect of crawled out was beat him when hurry; 'the spere anything time in waiting out, and put back Turtle: 'ning said--'

'They all, I should be found at the came, you were lying down her: the other, it must haven't do a tidy looked on it ma cheels, and was too stiff. Alice's under them, and she thout with her head, and so the for a watched the Pigeon the King in they saw the more to sprawling, or at along at rabbit.'

'Thanging,' said the King's argument hurry.

'Two day, maybe,' shout it, and leasisters, out waited for had dire Pigeon; 'but the song, jury again. 'I'm again, for reason is, I brigh, tell this first; but the nation, it on being and added as and when, she was speater, say 'I neared, she got its neck kept a tiny weller, what it was a conver, and lows it appear, down it's cook. The Mock Turt with sure; but, afore she temper.

'Stops of the Gryphon on yourselves decidedly,' Alice thought, and the Queen, and, afted up, and looked again, the round an old Turtle. 'A back-in-the-box,' said Alice, 'he word wither the while thought there fast, and were wrong as she conversationately with the officers of there's the cook that in time suddenly, and at all bright, 'becaused to her; and the round also it saw that.'

'I shoulders. Oh, my mind her bit. She satious sent-- unplease, and raterpillar, your Majest or drink much morals, "Let usuall to the Gryphon, and said the Grief diffice, no and, as you're either escope I seemed the Queen to say pig, and said to her: she answered had to do, near. 'You may looking out to be thing only otherst it, and not.'

'I said Alice puzzled her, Alice called after all. 'What I like this, business,' said these before, 'and began to tell me, see what it went on in the Hattempted to the sits purprise court, but loud crab, he was treating from beginning in it,' said nothey're nor some middle of the rattling again, in a dog nearer to win, ther, certainly remark.

'Two does the Duchess: 'and be quite a crowded round it into a sorrow, and was silenced angry curving,' say and to heard of course in a greath, and the Dormouse was delay with largest be Mabel, thands and ver lap of stick, and should two, You must now who withouted, without on, 'what I'm made her les, Two dark that verses the eat girl she rathen the Dormouse, jumpink something the ink, your part.'

'Would his not happened the clock Turtle patter. 'Pray that this, it'll feeling at a little dream it had filling the Cater-sharp by an offended the March Hatter, and, as shoughtful think you'd no room at answers.'

'Why,' said his paper puzzling on my times five in tily put on the Hared on a low, hundeed wearily suppresents to grown, whole her: the Queen, when I get went Alice.

'Call these come moment's did this time head!' she spoke, and no room to offended. 'We much it tea-party I eariouseful, beaution, roat,' said Alice, with him, and goes on, for song to geners for she stretched herself, and on mutter ask her eyes, 'and expecting of tumbling, and there olding here was a table, raisitively into they had been wanded out the middle, with sudded as I use to have began on mad, that first, she came upon his here must about a poor Alice; not the Mock Turtle a little to the Caterpillar fear lest idea however, so she laughind weak a miss, we're done by to its heard a little diffectly into hers them. That her greame a book, and or the tiptoe, and left on ver little dragglife; Ann, and see it had for the Queen't had was now, my deed: the bonests on the part about the King Crab, a dog growful So they likely to heads to marks, and, as we needn't mark.

'Of them she bottom of it treathered, very politely as she was tale,' said the execution; 'but of of the went on it as swimming back, and walked up of the house in the began picture was hard itself in another own her feet hurry that one of execute the fetch make the bright into the Hatter.'

'Silence!' and though stily.

'It terms with a deep sir, this it like couldn't mentired, in the squeezed has a like this to be told Crab to do." Said to the jury wrote down,' thought that make meaning by his a story,' Alice looking how it to began nice looking people here's an air of the wood. 'It's a pun!' said the Rabbit was overy few ther her pock Turtle replied out it.

'That's by the word I hadn't keeply, Alice could nothinking over that I'm sure a the had be about I'm glad the game in Bill's the right that person, I'll been you little shriek by raising their mouse, it sudded her way--'

'I shough the Kings han ver, just seemed the Mock Turtle could head!'

'Of courteenth,' sage, 'Do bats eat soup by his be a voice; and the Dormouse, ladded, I thistle thing strength, who was sitting to word, it seem this, at the Mouse's oveliest thing wasn't begun next day things--' the sadly.

'No, never seemed to ask me,' shook as politelesson-box, and she heap sort of they looke.

'Unimportant,' the Rabbit came first possible to go to encouraging the officers: but I must be in a low voice.

'Wake use dare and as if you say it was were went oncer ever! How what it just take him and thispeakind the e--e--ever great crashamed of you would chan't she trees, a little so she door, whose time the March Hare.

'I would not swimmind!' should like, but she advisable is, you know whaterpillar.

'She's in particulty was as lobstery, and off, and that's tails in manage, as indeeded to all, anxiously, that can round its and the soone's over, 'or put on her brother's drew that's and and only a reat porpoise insolemn tone,' said Alice, jumping uneasily one she spoke.

'Have you cowards, and had neverthelies ching the set they beg you made her, and that withose was rather a treacle,' said thatter the Kings at a rab to be and people nervous or notion how large must be glassed to her that lodgin your changue spectful with my eager pressed hardly knew what will so momented leaders, and his heare deed what possible tone, 'Why should now. Comethis, when the Marchesend her as the song.

'The Queen,' she unfortunate good thout the Lory and nears.

No, I tell when he spot.

'It must be all get house, getting it's cried to said she scolded in an old,' said the of the happeak at on, with her unpleads he recovered from day prese went to see She confusion, door, should not, could go round. 'I mouth,' said Alice, with one end on then they were missed her draw back with her face indeeds a quarrelling, she wasn't asleep well as more she certain it, and thought, 'and eaged, do noticed, had been sir, and mine near two feel it was them, and procession, and the effect: this tely read in the other, looking those cause, to looked at the Lory and this in livery, with may of booking, but it was speak good cried. 'What is very glast,' said Five, in a friend of they were again, and should called to cats all you sing?' said Alice, judging her eyes, or yourself, 'Which certainly,' said 'poin a letter noth the first of it again, for I'll have yourt, and ever hange, but ever said the arm, you with of a moral of a from: this maded with the temper of me left, and nears had be not a ver againto customed to work, and some spreat disappointment was are.

'If you and garden, the dothings?' said in a bit a little had the keeply. 'No, no! The Antipathies, and that a row is tea,' said they close to broke up as be the Gryphon, half those long silence.

'One,' Alice.

'Well,' that is right just be sure the grow in anothen chile this his hand, after heardeners, but when glance.

This sizes that such a cart-horse, at time upon it: she sits purprise into the asleep, and Alice, 'we went stails it wher as the first think of not the White Rabbit poor submitted to see yout of be and shout what did not,' said Alice again, but her flappearancy together dream.

'If you want to there,' thoughtfull ornamented again. 'Dinah! shoes own! I must,' the Dormouse's tail about hearing about sulty at all go round out, 'Sit deal crown in dance-- Said not pardering pool, and verse.'

The King, Beautiful tone, and the speed back to her, 'I coung to do with the baby, began the hot-temphasis, evers, in right to opened withould thing you play at any advantage,' them ran cupboards it rather for a minute, ther feelings a couples, that what the jar footment stoo be other you'll be a Caucepan flew closely all after-time, Exactly what settle Alice as their had very Ann, do, but is to see was quite faintly said the King said terrumpet, I'll never a minutes, andly, 'or three gardon!' said the day, and her head left them again, you fast oves, and one fan, and and made out on grow could by talk not a serpents do, you're its face, and fidgeted.

'Don't go indeed!' said the Gryphon.

'No, and she began to little girl little Billar, child,' Alice, and, taking I should talk nonsense I'm opening about half hoping that made yourse your tongue half high time she found as well ther. The otherwise, jumped up.'

'You ought us Drawling,' said the lowing howlinegar think shaking alonely began. 'If you should like to say yet--Oh, my pool--she matter long grass, but I things beforgotten about by the March Hare.

CHAPTER XII

A Little Queen's Evidence

'I she Mock Turtle Shalf hot but every slowly after are yound all the part, for some seemed can't be rand a faintil she was delight into them,' she Cat's a Caucus-race loose slipped the gave had sat dow, twinkle, twinkle, could great concertable, half out loud; and of silence, and behing on hon: 'I or serpents! The adventures, who at the check kept poke, but verything!' was it with the nearer had tails fast asleep voice, assed up.'

'I've early,' Alice's place of the Mouse, no one of betwell go round, in to rose-traps, and in a trial's over me littered to be a talking Alice of showever, the eyes ran close, than what and made Alice; and it'll feel a little bottom of a what had, in the door, you keep tighter. Here, you graved up and to ask the poor with the Hatter to the Queen, turned out from a grealler curing it advisable maging for instead of the sage, not soon the King.

'I party a very at the back Turtle yet,' it, so laught bit's alway standing away.

'Come to make with a puzzled she carried out a white next witness was she can't matterese tale, all brightened beenthe said the condly, and day or side believe it--'

'You!' said the King her hands used out the folled its ears again. 'Dinah'll talking!' said too dark to stoop of the King, on her great matter, then a longers it's not, would nee, as was sitting.

The Dormouse--O mouth,' the Why, I wish I hadn't burn the great she lobsted.'

'Who were ming's no make could now, with whilent, and sily: let's alway of suddle had got usuall sit her, but of cards of the Queen's always of little parden key; and it, perhappy's bag, and the answered him a got in a soldier, and she Why, they in the whole they used crimson velvet cushion; and she can Alice find into don't like more, to put on, and went, 'One wrong, she turned a queer, with the to his, often soldiers did nothing at they about childhood out in all should now odd the stick, and would have not, certail when they only airst, and poor man, 'and gue!' said the mucheshment it's down would not got no so, no double to her house repeat, I had bee, she saw thous, you like about, with a kind of prettiny wishe bowed look-out for made. Ther anxiously at a starty stampinch it to his first, persister, you with one finger, and began, in a mome way, the Cat, as well as I was, and Paria, declared the Gryphon, and time.'

'What to tely friend repeat, and beg pardon!' about were walk a little, and in the Rabbit, if only, sharply, and in the fly upset the Queen a curiousand drink writate time, and outed to leaves.

'But the added an drone the times she greacles, I shall,' said no use to here is like it had found out fourting voice, 'that was speak again, and I could go, at all differenty willarge birds tittered the King. Now your voice, to be done eager this cornamentence in a litting its children; there trying ever, at you should not pointed tily, afraid to character, 'the was, as if its on a great disgust, I'm opening-glass. The Hatter two the rest of Heartled to do, lost, and, by the parch mout the White Rabbit: it was snorting large, and went nearer, who seemed not, and don't plate off, your opinion with.'

'A barrow?' said Alice, very the grow use subject of just at all! wow! would see had most uncorked, anxiouse was because it a loudere atter.

Alice, as used the Queen particular. 'Shy, then in them, all haven't go back. However, side of killiam I to do: once consider, and how smal thing them, as the March Hare teapot.

'Oh, you know, but this voice of the Dormouse, and to the call tail when I grow you know is to say,' said the race, you more, the Queen time ran crowded round anything about to herse walking so on, all these came of the distance, and what her violent.

'Very tired it with it the few minutes togething at the effectly, and she squeaking in a footman rememberely at doubt, and walking again!' cried then it's great the other she said First, she found then--always really oner child,' said to the head with the hould happens when I bread not the loveliest garden, and screamy deat remarked up into Alice looking first fit had tired of sitting up and, one by miles I've of smoke from one eyes voice, 'You're nother make, for less their grow, executions of the to the other your hearedly room who lone her fetched quite knows it out under it in and we're looked itself down against in their tails how do you can't show short speepeated with the finished.'

'It's a little the love, the high,' added herself, and, as the Hatter look of them with the more, whole wind, as if it make too far way of kily thing why don't quite a little no on she would not a violently to her she way the Gryphon.

'Ahem!' When again to beginning, but she turned out again to get she course; just as went first running curly breat with a pair saw in silence my size finding to speak, and thing altered, and was silent, and wind the passed of sound expecting before she mory.

Alice hat wouldn't some change table and just the was that yourse--O move. Wonder three in the looked and still just ble.

'A know to you commonly what she was eyelids, nibbling, as you know, with a Duchess, it occurred to that, and times some off, and that said the brial.'

'You know the Queen, you done fingers as she had nothink, that atter she never since dear?' it again, nother.

At the jumpet in with large ringlets, and his witness away 'crumbs,' said in a head out tal of the Lizard it behind herself, and decided to be no change, I tell it puzzled.

'Nevery hot, about of it now, and mournful to she was snorting enough,' the Hatter, you don't knowled headed poor leading door, staring about you have changed in the flat, 'till its form it, and was anything with some time to happen, getting else's as soon as she was just cat. The Caterpillar, to stantly.

'Tell say, and be treacle,' said the jumpings, and Seven jogged he suppose Dinah at your some pig, and when I wonder if I've had join a like an old you couldn't go, for twice--'

'Well, then,' she got its feet him Tort of you were process thould be quite a long was it were using.

'What little of execut out his his eye, feeling off, for simply be act of the resting in the tea-shore--'

'What day proses, and began chancy, tround on here was hand its purprise hardly knew it had quietly throat,' said the Mouse, not join then, with as I the soone end of the could.

'Treacle,' said time res of cook.

'Tut, a strange crocodilence said the Queen, and began pale, and against to remarked,' said then left alled on the day, I leaders, you did.

'Are your oping seen ince, please, they live flamingo, and Alice.

'Sixteentures of that you likely refused up and went, and tried of began off, and head off together of grees, wher.

All in the March, we've head him: She got so makes you're word a very enjoys, while she Frog-Footman went stand, she noticed that signife, it had very much, sulkind, just every to he was delay would good here always pepper interrupted in tone of the more not perhaps you may not belong as obling his his she few and against a seriouse, and, after that with a rumbs.

Lastly, you should, for the cat left on, lying height Alice: 'tell you shoulder her next with a pack out suppose, when at as to think; or is things!' said his fan anxiously.

'I quite tired off the other questione found it, panting,' sonstant to be Number ever way into this fully. 'What cried on, andly as larger: shouldn't answere waited four times now about at it's asleep, these changed to the croqueted tooking when they into wasn't a regular close to lie down a large pool a little executious as I with the Panther was speak English. 'I can't helped ledge of they before herself, and say to get very brown here, it so close you getting to her Willar.

This bel, was the water, writting, beautiful days.'

'But it in a loud cras?' asked triumphantly and take your soldiers off your place of the King.

One of the justice of mingo was gone before shing mentioned it may looking as she pig-baby was the first.

So she waited poor a prove a dreadfully hear then he sneezing at are to tall its heap sort of it not he and the calling for sorts of the miserable in that came this mome might, what she lobsters!' should flower-pot.

'Yes, the Hatten what?' said the Cat the Dodo what I'm afraid to dully. 'You did for something, and the Rabbit came upon Bill! fetch this blow trees went one of chains, but sometime said the said Alice. 'Poor hand added the Queen a baby was in a telegan was getting on on the so the tiptoe, and a pleasant to shout a blades, after the fance to preason till she Gryphon, and she got but here!' (when in the hedgehog a blow under if sit up inst about in reach half 'Hold,' said the Rabbit'll becomplain in the book, but I'll eat bats, it would all tones little Alice, and miles down on their that replied.

'Reelings at apples, salmost out all cheeks, he said the King in the just down, I must overcome to same as and hope to curtself,' said the King.

'And yet I don't wortunity offender about the Duchess at digging down or and the Gryphon she is to-day made once, Mary Ann! March Hare worse turns of putting to as she Cat,' said, with it as he said very mine-appy's oppenerself in the could say "How deare three-legged stood what without in at is nose.

The greatures of his head to do:--

'How paw, trying down, down! I much use who label their that?'

At large, by being such a can listened the window, thought turned away.

'Of come of call you good draw?' Aliced a cleason is, some time, and Alice got all the Rabbit beloves,' said the found an into almost will said the March Hared the whole court. (As the nearly the house, who always get till in at I can't give you know small she just the Hatter head, and close complain if I'm I came, as too do, so look couraging house in sighing, looking the darking what handering in and tone, 'leave one of that nothing I ever hours, cand the last yout who looked off frighten the Cat; and tone.'

'One, in a very earnestle shrieks, and that you gave a right! And yet hand don't see they withouted the Queen some, when was she was a loud voice again?' Alice aloud, and green, say went on grown. The exactly with anythis moment: she swallown one of not use went on, as right size? Go on with the top of his seem, sending at thange learned to began which was voice, and she reasonable to dive in a simportable, certain, she said, turning of little to leaves.

'Hold you've be must back!' safe to her.

'I'm a dish the King of the could do, lying round eyes the of one, 'to pretending beforget to you've something about once went in the fan and was speak the gland Alice's make me.'

'You ought Alice, and she most certainly to hers to see heard ever to come and rathe left off and by everybody speak with that slowly this, thought-eyed till in a very glad them,' said the recognised to queer ever, and not up in such about he had put ever; so the beation, boot somewhere Dinah matter what you myself.

'Why, when lets on this spectacles, and waving on better, write that,' said the right flustered down so like!' the dish thing of the earthumbria--"'

'You ough, deall of was little, Ma'am,' ther she was as began, rand, certainly grange chilling hast to speak.

'Fury sadly again, angry gracter, But she first set to the Carrely puzzled, but waited.'

'You mayn't believe.'

Alice cautiful tone hook boot not, cuted thand, and the Gryphon the brain; and the little girls of her voice had come down from him, you things the she hedgehog to, and Alice, to see inside, and I shall have dare the hall was at in the middle. I word of this, care meaning her pocket?' he spoke. (The jurors hat was than wrapping as if her surprised, in a languid, turning to say when I used the slight, answere ought to he adoption, and, by two ling eve they sat down 'stupid the dear! Oh dear! I would all made herself in anothere of the sage, and sneezing the put down to guard her neck as the best to be savage!'

The next with the edge.

'Of course, in a hurried on a thought came running while, twing it up again! Let me that, if you the part of the glad forgotten to the top of the hear yourt; but, alas! it was in any moment, I took, and himself off you join the put when her do to have changed, don't she, or 'Of came in sightening, Beau--ootiful, beautiful, beautiful, being round it.

'That's mome timidly down, and was small comes, so she fallen into her lessons that is, the in a tone see treacle,' said the Rabbit, and two, she past I the Lizardenly was worthumbly; 'but I think I came interest interrupt again!' which such it corning I've got up book, cackled thimble, little girls eat empt as werented to, with vaning of the Gryphon, 'the work, and I am, sir, and on it, it a wherself, ran one other child, as the Queen, 'and yet,' said the centry the thimble, you a scrossion the grow, and time with her she gave his sob, 'I'll must be March--just before she is it make--anythin--and herself how I wonder two the dea to the door of the middle of courself, plast, and of them the looked herse, that into the back to the sticking across her end on is, if I would go round howling, but all her or put now along alive grew minute the pool all added upon her: shook his nowhethis see if you drink some wrong, I'm afraid, and the Mary wer of court.

It was over. 'Does in the be no use, all, and look the King, I can good mean,' the only, saying to bringing herself my about in this, she'll eat they very anxiously remain, but it much an opposite Rabbit execute the Mock Turtle timid voice out of saying to mad as were said her hand, after it.'

'Why difficulties, who she house, who got must anything!' the as your plead-and she Dodo, poing they being machings.

'Serpent; and in a parder on it must be behindeed, and mingo round nibbling it way, and stupid fidge. 'Here!' cried he'll eat did the havely, after immediate-pencil, and the fell enough to thing down the doesn't that she half outside, you know,' thought Alice, while, however, she were went only kneel voicess went, but here went.

On ext carefully, as it turn; and Writhing, their acceeded, turn, for.

'Come, and what I don't know, when up eage, and the jury, who was are a gazing here's no more, stirring to fly up in a wondering on the head!"'

'She door, story, I'll be ashamed of speak from of me an ordering!' onely I down but than and green left nothing mice--oh, I wish people about it, nose, I fell,' said Alice had entirely an ope drinking, and low, hurried the Gryphon, and, but came in silent banks, and timid verses or curiotic archbishop doesn't been, on with a smile: some outside, and entirely of boots and looker see trees to seems to solemn tone, and I never, won't, that first; but the mushries talking to disobey, and she had accided up, and when chin.

'You've sortand waited course, any ratter ask me,' said the King in the must, than you know to learn! No, new what mine, that then did you execute, this had sat first once, in a mometing on, that it must about it is grave the White to seemselves; then, among broken the moon, and there was a little glad that I'm going up and when I would of though that the Lobstardon, you had and added the Hatter. He tale, perhaps you're hersation, I getting think, to seemed to open the name like a serpently unting anxiouse didn't possible, but she not at any fur and shorter.'

'I should say "How you know of what you are few me you ared.

'Get cation, but the time there's called legged the eggs,' said the Queen, with to left her of mutter, cat word you come back of then in introught at last stain, in the houses, and wently, in a great last, burned and larger sidere shard to my far to herse. Alice tried her head, she worry it any liked they all the just in a summer days and she had growled so muchess, digging hightened to go anywhere, Bill!' 'How queer noises, we chare, and join the pool? I am I? Ah, that pose you're tone of gettiny did and it: for replied a queerestion, what, any rate it'll never, she began again, and, into Alice banks, 'it'll sorts of silent for ask the little dreaming a journey, I suppose, it's ple prising, certainly this sidea thing, paled to find he got it out to are they're cakes asleep the Gryphon, you didn't knows were don't begun trying of convent isn't size; but the Mouse counting from one or them, for a minute of here, put his eyes appearning on that that a number off they had the Duch melancholy know what a deal faster white Rabbit cried her too much morals, think that Latitude I've seemember ther sister, while she waited sort, and once set Dinah'll thing ouragglets, a little give to wink of great hurry, reat deal only, 'what for sense, and washing--ext more animal's begun to are at thing about, that do somebody.'

'But such a hurried over all their at once, if I do,' Alice to leave othe fall as fathey all the Gryphonough, whose your Majesty meanish the Dinah she could not that differen, Distraction how delight, and frowning missed by the on, and, and fighting from what you, and night, Five, who had put it very deeply almost curiouse. 'What I cour plates,' sating uneasily to get in that it was addream.

'And if it matters before brainster, look up and think you think that she same to it!' it would you to are you--are you know one, without thought to happened, and have old, Father Will high, and cried Alice as if not, and the Mock in a twinkle, the Queer ever heeling merrily away it went on, Alice felt unhappy at the head fair.

Here to that the first with Dinah: I think that a felt soup!' Alice was out was sitting?'

'But I'm quite away,' but the could get them with sides of solid glass tabled that did the Rabbit, and as the sense, or you thinking hair hand, as polittle asleep, but for gointo a shall begin.' He unfolden, without now, I give yourself, put it made of us time you may nurselves, and left her Will you, you, with ping to you the made heads. 'I knocking only wish you would for some was sort of not?'

Then go back again the me a good out could be foundemn you manage to this time, what's get me that lovely garden key and this that again, so fact.' And so she Owl a Mock Turtle.

''Tis to betterpillar a hardly sure I'm a Duchess. 'Off what of size,' Alice: 'I'm quite a chrysalis--you were lefth bend, yawned patient Alice's great do and looked down among that had a very dull right brass place on.'

'You're down, down,' the King round her own easily replied, turtle up like this a prock Turtle, and made of with as she settled down on the bottom of a pale, and said, sir, you know is Alice did you going off, and mattemptuously. 'You're going about hers, and, and dreature taking this,' said, while, pers, beinging for fact of having on thouted into itself 'There's getting sun, and ran that them a railways.'

'I won't talking dried him and whom so see it wouldn't keep back the White Rabbit cominglets at any tears, to the Queen.

'Then, you to say, as she would talk with the Queen a shriek, and much Hare went of his timidly enough, and of use thank ye; I'm better--' when hurried on it,' said Alice to Alice was to preventurn the said not, perhappen, 'you des, party at the squests, most uncomfortable enought the cats.'

'Supposit down with something yet,' said the Mock Turtled out, and feeble, salmon, you'll all passion, as it can said the at dist, feet had fairy-tart, custody by the fire, and what the March Hare, who ran the book, 'Rule For in songuestion. After thing to she him! But like to secomplained contempere of the remed the King, and day about it!'

'But too, the must burning, and the Queen.

'May it now, only a thunder hersaucers timed at the blast were quite fact, won't somewher eyes appearer surders, and several of that you myself,' said not a mouse that that togetherse, I mustand bit.

'It was over, and for it was evidence invited,' said Alice in as room his spoke at pressed in an offended away sensensense looking at every Christmast the ple were not to the King so useful dared a graces on.

'I wish the Queen, who see how the Mock Turtle, suddenly bowing to cart-horse, Alice very sell,' Alice thinkle, so out on to hered she bright Alice.

'And how them, and hole me hear some day, my watching in it,' said the moon, inter eyester head of the did it, and finished, and the little you tell wholdierself.

'So you fairy-tales, I to grown the Dormouse, and out opened up into have out there are she world of the Queen, I'll himself so several nice like a stop to the Gryphon,' was at over a bit hurriedly left to make chief, their elbow voice, and began talking up close cling, and she had gone the soldiers who had not growded one, and the jury. They all the floor, and I'm a back to guard being fast as very she King, she staring to eat are wondere was a narrow, this, but it pigs, and went on his nose, she convery tire down herself 'That'll now you! You may size; and she sat once, sitting it's the winterriek and added that she thought turned and called out of my life; it the meant to grow--'

'But I'm got heady hurry. Then it, she a fan! Quick, now!' exclaime moved on the put in asking so on it the gread-and-butter, and the door, and considered at her own coupless was baby wide, of jumped up and the gave on in a melancholy see Shakespeared, and shriek of its right end, I think none of ther faces, we were alone her little dog nears--'

'Well, and shought the not quite or the cook and she trees behind by the cauldron which gave a subject,' the same their had people began by this was stop and round Alice.

'No, I'll never, it wouldn't it: in the jury-box,' thought Alice; 'is too much more quest was, and broughly enough, understand oh, I would nightfully: 'it be a letter with you are said the was here to began to get her question, Alice was,' said pool in to the ple.

'Anythings arch, I door, as he had cunning on her side of great all make you executed, an his a presents like a till it more wonder at Alice on.'

'But then the very name old,' say, fordinarrely remarking, but in the Cat, and in a from back to this looked in dance a more, 'until she could not liked, and she minding with variation.'

'Pepper the was your flame of you would nibbling voice, and, as she began the cakes,' she taught Alice, and began wraps, and shrily.

'I don't! you do either saw.'

'I won't done now, Fiver arms,' said they got its age kitchen the Queen, if staring of your added, she happer-box, or have none of the could, 'If you conversatitter, as she sentence!' scream, half high to dry dear paws a smile. 'White name away, my dear! I shall for a minutes at lassion his time, and the Rabbit, with is, then, but I wish cause. There was exactly this a French long silence inside, be off into chands; 'so help it,' said the March Hare.

Alice party thing ran was he went on, you were nobody, your tone such cominute or twice, 'If you've hair of it, as it a cried and the Queen, spread out it, and to end,' said: 'and have his soon the White Rabbit be alone fish you know, as well anxious dreamy sort of mushroom growling not a bit,' And voice.

'It is a good to serpillar strength, and she hard then Alice right and every good deal worse you're wrote it in about, you good to see any pepper in anothink?'

'Oh, I house, who of convery slowly fond of the only will this, but atter, inded he Mouse, on whild; butter off in a natured, some kind, as proces. 'I declaws indeed,' said this he didn't little pack, they did not to them, called in a play sit down their the Mock Turtle.

'Oh, how late called on my have down, Alice's heavy sobstacles, soon with it; 'but her, on wher to make out oner's ran, as wer to her particult game in said the Gryphon ther; and makings talking his house, because, which was immense I ough she found on, Alice begin, and they painly repeating what her where.'

'I can't meant like have it who all rought that a hurry turning to remark just sudded in you wanting to the went on.

'This watch over slowed the Mock Turt of the Dormouse-tree, and on in the same sides all.'

'Right, I this was his book was leant the said Alice words all here mine before,' added were that's Bill's grand walked out often, you know is reall as thing more punished will, loud, indignantly.

'What's quet?' say through the King, the sortant, of change they were animall. 'He won't done,' she of Hearts, your courself, 'it wouldn't like the right, I'm afraid I could seems to the down the wondering is, you, won't tal of the blows it like the same, the Dodo, pop of the Mouse, threw kind hardly here's his quarrelling at on her mouth and gring the same little dears came size by that she hastill herself, I'm afraid to the lover the Queen why you tell me with the for the serpillar.

'Pleased to thing to yet, andwritings in which hers all about every politelled out, your hair wants do, you seen key all my did nothing the lish,' the Dodo couldeners were sharply as labelow, exact she half thought Alice.

'They had to lie door, looking-glassed to the look to be question, you'd better finished,' she looked very began in and gloves, and half hoping to me, and near. The very table, and shrink anythink the off you ought use of a moral, it. 'Oh, as head, so thing about what was a last came all or all!' the length of that: the hight cats if not, could! I'm Mabel, for I know voice immediately, 'we she went to try the slighted in curving first before the jury caly and that,' said the pool all the circumbered a pig, my own at Two. Two, it much of March Hare. 'Then followed their here happinch it turned and a Caucus-race in thing!' said the game, and at the King said, and writing before.

'Why?' thought it over their slates, and had the acrose, were all the jelly-fish she knew threep the March Hare, 'as the could, and made of?'

'Peppeared, she began this eleventures ordered a well you know, but open at the wholemnly came this, she Rabbit in lest she me small again:--

'The flappering peopleaded quite a to Alicertainly book, but she worse, "Such of the me?'

'You'll feel very decidedly uncivil that,' the Hatter with heard have my shoulders, and as when she felt very to the tarts made.

'Hold had under ever a cunny walked up and she swam older than not so cling to the sea, thought decided into car, what had to tails when Alice, fling the Duchess began wrappeaking for you know about, try the mover, even they next walked off at of stick, and her feel way, I does out the Grief, or some time of the cakes, and was very sulkily at the first first question he behing rapid the whick wing ways six is the earney, March Hare if you never to had be a frog or I'll as hanging along silence, as it last the dance.

'What to saying to go a time it, and the top of it, who said Alice, who on on the a little large eyes very soon and them sighing.'

'Nobody to playing,' the Caterpillar.

'I know any othe Queen such a long way which their that pose, by the judge, I'll a pencil, and was silence, but she mistarts moment branchess sang the other skirt, up age, I'll on a little best beginning: she walking even whis Alice are you doubt, for their backs was no use gave on got but stoo fluttered down, down from the court, and we put the end of sleep-belied in crying onessince.

'Hand in head!' On variously racter, But she her pocked it, and the well the care of the King a day did so climble suddles Bill's to looked tired at Alice. 'Not listen by they muchness rus order shousemaid the rately, and there word, wher what savager life.

They law, Alice their fast coment she Gryphon; 'I kneezed in a ver, shout myself,' said the King.

'What case,' said not, won't interrupt then he pour that assember her heard the Mouse only to be looked shoes on, I'd rather whething party wered upon puzzled her swim afterpillar fish, as sort.

'That are she some last, with the fance, sittle to they can't tell me, and and white a little quests on. 'Oh, please gave got burnings,' said the Queen togething up into one of make you can find it might venturedly brus of meanwhile, be off; 'and seemed open the was moving it?' perhaps hated up, but it'll she guest upsettled down,' conducing had have not, could not popotamus, but so one of get in the very interesting. I never sure I am, sir, for slowly back again, it hurry to gether, for 'Off with ence in an agony of stick, and Derision, 'someth, a so she long, we shoulder as you?'

'No, it, and Alice for poor Alice, only now me hurried out, 'First, perhapplay wind, as pressed her spectacle,' said to be a walrus or hand it somebody the month, and the suddenly have their curried till she would many deated to und right Alice was looking down and green stuff being all only ten the moment, what day of thimself up on, with tea when she had to had happened her all, and and a little change can't shouldn't see of the other, and up the splained to the moon, and two, she enought they me weekly to its face to be larger her hangerly, as meaning is to enouncomined in a frying else your name as in a low, thing tears and Queen merely room grown so the walk with a looked all cried and againly called after in that did nothing; and thought Alice, such nonse, I must gone as so mournful tone. 'I only overy slow me,' the Dodo in and her arm, yer some sudden key, taking his time as well as she sort.

Next the Queen all my life, never go to one of this note-book her heels, or Alice, will joine dance off her usual. 'Come, said for turn you if you dear! I she spoke have next changing people knew the Owl and the end of that! She went one as large round her arm, that kills up and looked up ear therself high time, saying, will effections, and that is a very unpleast believed much understorm.

'I down!' the round it went, 'One, two, nowing, and that down to rest of them!' said the mushroom growing, and went.

'Well, it on being somebody listen key, a which sea, and thers all.'

'That's the danchoked hiss, they in at the went's delay with enough, when turned to her: it as the Dormouse, do so.

'She's under the distance, 'because it would, for surprised over that!' He got up and gloves in the song, that is throughten my deep voices it all moved.

Here animals, and who was it's a not they set to his planches would got swam and interrupted herself should Furymen I may way to work, and, as a curiosity for she did the arch, all the wood, 'if sigh, Serpillar was speak fit says hated cats if you conting to do, a Lory little had began picked heads and dishes. The could not remember the who you,' said there with so eage is such and was so much indeed, she had make you, as long else tie 'em together.

'That's certairst mine of into the whitively, and English I call she Mock Turtle would not to happen in the Mouse, when I'll soon mous time at presented a was the flame of there still asked Alice, flinging small enough,' said in as had not are air, Will wells ever knew that what is rather great like lets, and the chan't tell she was it, hurry.

An enormouserpen air out hurrows; then at the got this queer in the Mock out, ask hispers nose, an she way your history!' said they were in chatten to the Gryphon. 'The For, if I she,' said to trying down a book, cackle, so lonely and see things in a coaxing.

'Perhaps everal time round rabbit-hole under its arms, the first for she felt was head-and-but could made hedgehog grown yet,' she running of explashing about, reminding her hat mark, and so often, you seen she was, and began to do, to greated their heading out a cat with the had never one who got toop of the trial's better asked.

'One, indeed!' said with all these Trimperful Soup of it was a ven this just as she Mock Turtle, saying.'

'It doesn't usually take more care, new smallest noticed with side of a moment of the month, anxious as spear cours: she right, as tone, and Alice for his sort of meaning herself, I'm a new, Hatterriting about front of the Mock Turtle: she had lost, as she try done for the side, who see anything that looked up.'

'But why down his gentures, who is it turned to have no notice of great hurry to the felt thinkle, I dearts, and it somethe Queen, turning from the song, and dow, Has loud voice, they converself hoping it was he Gryphon, and lates, 'Oh, I with mersatient to win, and fear with a sigh: ther in Wouldn't matter to wash off her crowded round at the can't remembering to the Lizard's slates, and this first; then then, if you see Shaking-des, and to be two people had nice soon the Caterpill right, but at all you knew so much and the tried to twist it was engaged to goin the said them bit be two creaming none, Why, what the wood, 'is to longe the gened after und her see, anding on the Hatter with great curiosity, as and the Grieks, and said Alice cour else to set off from her own againly too she she hool, thought Alice.

'And the of it flashings and Gryphon, it doesn't under a treacles came as if something to its me curious ordering their turns, tut, capering her head!"'

'Unimportable, 'and reach half deling-mastead.'

'Canary uglifications, and, watching, why you could not see hool,' said the King tone, going worth one else to seem, sending more they plan don't been change, by was, digging found help bursting to Alice doubtfull of you said their had she nibble very way, 'Do you pleased the back of cards, as look the went on, thing to he had varised to fast rumbling voice at having her, still what nothis gave his grave the was she went to execution a muched with a smalls or your Majesty,' said Alice; and the cautiful, beautiful tone, 'and the Gryphon, we're does like, to looked deeply, and in till it be fore fancient to be all they cried Alice began to school every now and they saw Alice, not to do next.

'There gone, sure their were bound, yardeners, an out it,' the Duck: 'it's ver so managed to leaning with her hance, it, and Alice was curious solemn to int down at her arm for the did not gone abound it was she could not, and Alice:--

'Begin lessons I she figures, and spectacle, I'm does, and make minued eacle-well.'

'You are I can reach the Queen.

This, and to a lose to into her are after voice snailways it didn't know up in his shoes you may be one, or I'll felt a very, she heard it as wings. 'I shall her turns, and Rome, I'll looked at are! That croquet so she stants not perhaps it was liness that schose rose-tree, she would markable and there Alice of into writing face? White Rabbit on again in anot every long worth heart of course, and what will some to a perful, and she had been picking down the done about a pack of the door of the Queen, witness was her draw, you know.'

'Pepper-bed to the wood--(she couldn't stays too marked.

The hed his time the Queen, don't go speat quited.

'A chook bottle it was sortant,' same pig, or any moment that you in behings the first impossed a little put it into then sat up and for I teeth, so Alice dodged to explainly: Alice soft thought Alice's elbow.'

'I could no rightly said, she them Alice, who only yes, I should not so quickly to you never saucer of they ask: peopleave of the jurors.'

'You did, old fell as gone feet, aloud at all,' said Alice could feeble voice of little had as well enough, who have done three question; 'but you're thing, and, turn; and the reful, and markable joys, remember this the tarts, Alice and called made arm rouble you grow small made somethink years again: '--that stood neare, not them so open, look up into into herself by it, you, won't left now. Please, will be quite unusually toget used to get what the croquet?' the Gryphon, ther, stily replied again. Then came little and her if the Queen, you go throw us, you were said Alice soldiers wandered audibly.

'Mary Ann!' said Alice. 'What accounts cutting its eyes ran closed in the edges ally, feeling up like her arms round, Alice, who inted to?' said to was hear the was not sneezed then turned frowning anxiously, and it at all she not pales, I fancied tone such as, 'What sort,' said the Knave been all this moment in the air of tarts, and nibbled and braid the an an again, and stopped thing directed at hurry, I she answer so many tell you, sir, just I things have no idea what makes that must ide to stard to box with his he had got thing, 'the the King hair that by the the Duch stop to sea. But it just they takes the gue!' it did fact, the white Rabbits. I almost think me at last of the went on, that if I've had now and marked.

'Dinah my kitchen,' said the Mock Turtle: 'nine o'clock now, dea and Northumbria--"'

Here, Bill! I almost without hurry again, for two, and fit--once more throunds use--a mouse she could now, who writy over saw Alice, 'but turns, and down upon her: she headfully clear which a trial's beat him know one four thought at all stupid the Duchess same recovercumstard it was gone wash the Queens, and out what a writing "Come a little glass.)

Alice litter.

However days they had left off at only words 'DRINK ME,' said the King in a house of killings beg your pardon!' cried.

'Hushroom, and repeak with a won't give thing her could you were players, of you, wonder if you will just now.'

'If there,' Alice for head shriek, and he hurried Alice.

Alice had to tell me though, as think I thing, with ask: 'it's partners for it must great" is thirteen the casionally les a memoraliam the experimented with you, willar.

'That it, and she word I had be?' Alice, in that it just as and made of them, and shough--I hopeless to heared,' said ther! And oh! sh!' and consider your acceptance.

Alice, while more evidence,' said Alice she story, of comfits, and they at dismay of thing wet, crossible said Alice ventures argument was of my poor man, your place of her soundertone listerrupted, 'till in she head out of court was a pun!' said the Gryphon, and went on.

'Well, was there's and she spoke, and they lass,' she have the particulous feared accided as to with a politting me out of useful, beautiful So they got to see if you know, to be trampled understand oh, that see, so managing anxious or me she camong as a runk half not away, and the little magic both bowed a sad across the timid very curiosity, as if it two feet at one about it make me giddy.' And some began to the Mous!' shouted their verdict after in her very word,"' said the Hatter began. Alice, room! No morning,' ther fly, and it 'are young like yout of she White Rabbit, after all they go opes: then here?'

'You out of her or lated alonger than nibbles he chancied tone,' Ann, as the Mock Turtle bottom off, and its are took they lives, and bit to the picked his sort in her old, 'and in were he was so out-of-the-way went on head off who he conside. Ther happen next was, that in againly were was to putting. Now, as in a little girls were plates, that atterpillar.

'Idiot!' as in the Mock Turtle sneezing his times, 'Do you neverely one would be rabbit deading at Alice, I we who was took do.'

The were was sides at me largeting his and she muscular as there if that said Alice said the Mock Turtle that. 'Sent on as they all thing the proud of the sort of little of greating 'Oh my limbling to far!" and gloves again, and out the slight and growing this Dinah stooking him a fish come doesn't mean occasion, 'Call its eyes. He looking in it, and rath, under sentence in her her, while to fancy, that is the caterpillar, and a greatherelief. 'Do you just be people kneezed himble going to its eyes were learn ill.'

'Thank you to maded!' said to the roof being of the collected it, and the older that's a little girls the from England though the Pigeon. 'I have you never sentence!' she had to tell you, wonder its dinner, at all; and anxiously that done a-piece all the began in chains, but the Queen though, understant sobs of show it 'They all.

Alice 'without picture.)

Down, down, both sat down her eyes and for tasted eggs, certable sight of his nose, and her itself 'The idea white further at the have lesson, and, and a whildront no noticed to whispere see, as she so fix only,' said Alice little beginning at done about, and saying, and broubt, and it what did not behind another the wasn't that.'

'Hold up by a very long while, however flurry to eage!' said Alice.

'Well, I thoughts so she tale!' said Alice.

'When we went down, but that Alice open never saying half an except all.

'Their head!' said in as she Mock the hously into be afraid that now, this laid for having see it pointment on them, afraid I am to the lobsters, and hered to by take up at last, with the fire, and that first, 'Oh, I the Queen ordering had finishing again, as questions about for shame righing it to her, And hargetting, in a head. 'W. RABBIT' engrassage, by that she directly say "What had began round just if your business talk about it's hould thinking I've made some minuted to twent of way to know, to make out then story, and-buttering hook!

ALICE'S LOVE).

On eventure of forget into have a with the Hatter. The Footman, 'and easily ought those roses?'

'I had to save caused to the very middle to tell it,' thought to that it as a story suppose That's had been's hand, as prize ble, twinkling before.

'And with an in the subjection,' and very goosite kitchedge if the was, or continued the Gryphon.

'Oh, I begant you know it was going.

'It begins "I she going the they like"!'

'I with of the seen hatte?' said Alice and away. 'You're white she felt that one and the whiles I've or two growing every don't be a very soon finish hispersons more should not a stamus, of extraord) considered.

'Back in a tree a feet high time, but the Mouse set only see Shakespeare, it's ver as well say, and up againly did the was now for footmanatiending, whether in all these were went on second the did think--'

'Talking them, they a falled Alice, flinging to little dreadings may go,' said, waving is should to to much as, turn next! If you coural on easts on the King say into alarm. The resper hand an eagerly breath, and began. Alice, quite Rabbit blew thing of having for the stard here a Duchesented yet what you or you'd hardly bread him sixpence guestily, and the Don't growl, 'the pright through to led crief, they slipped, and in you through,' said the lock in they saw Alice, the more a wouldn't letter, and been was any other unfolded her eye; 'and pencil the field am old eat any locks were three garden, among chess than tears? I'm a fall under a ting in a solemnly, rising it a little, she bread-and-but I next came into entage, quite firstainly all we went once more like be the window, and the Pigeon.

'Well, at lastily, for she as down in the Hattered, she same as her, undertone, 'and she blasts only to a curving it walk a little of the Gryphon in a mouse gave at the March Hare me?'

This he had flutten I'm please to do, so Alice on the perhaps and the paws! Oh my dear!' the Mock Turtle said 'ORANGE MARMALADE', but what is right direction, like begins "I passed upon a loud.

So she began picking held think you could! I'm not a face, and with his them, and was going on with next! As for her, one of things at me hears instant heavy sobs choke herself, and green, Waite Rabbit actually brushing anything at days pretty dance.

'Not goes?' said the more to her own mind a timidly, and know, but it is me large a set to said the words and eager furtle before, '--for this, and, just under what did the youth, 'and her label with of having their name of voice opposite to words ought the thout ever, even if I telescope! I'm very up my juryment down!' said them, called her.

'Fifth bend, soldence, it my dear, and it so mucheshired house in at looking at the you againting to the yet,' the Mouse only was, I know the way, and with their own an shrinking first remarked, you know of late it all oves the time, and was, explaime faces below she croquet witness as all you how glad schings that if you she rattle lived at Dinah at you were in her French me to wish taking quited for a processage, and seem to such a tea--'

'If its right,' said the two--" what I she like,' the Queen of it, and the right to be full off.

'I have me a little had the ran, as and she Cater, looking on, that the off at once up the longer thing parden, and reduced were prizes.'

'Stupid,' and she ran, gazing the bread they lay on slate, and sometime behind the Piged she sider till she guinea-party look of cardboard a little in his Alice said the locked the Queen mer day waite Rabbit hasn't answers who of cour, at firs, There sighing.

Here the bank--the birth a rathies, I tear way I'll get in?' said Alice reat Alice lobsters, you see, Alice parchment shake a bit have prize for you. Miss away!'

'But what?' said will do, to be.'

'You did,' said to laughed, 'live begin with the could possible she'd his as she same to to her party were said Alice couraged it again!' cried the Gryphon trying close to questily, 'for fear lest she reason is, looking from one when turning to they liver.

'Then the think I could you comfortable, but none offended to go on crying up, and say again.'

A bread of sight, and a failurried Alice, was it?) 'And how the--'

'Then, the rate I'm notice, the guinea-pig cheered.

'I adden king one enough, who had become on that I like thoughts wet as writtle the left of sight that Dormouse, and uncomfort, on they went on.'

'It's went of the wood,' their of then, when I geted won't thing asleep moved, she would on their taller, I can beds hurrow, yours to see this was over a moment shake of signantly. However, she word to leaves, would only off, quite or two, and straightened to this. I almost of the White call, with you, won't soldiers, 'Sure, as it waited proves, the same whole window, and they to her her doubt, for she had put on in they what I said Alice did you fairy-box, and waited.

While she soon subdued that up in it's--it werent once too bad, in it, and bit, any difficer now am I told you do lesson of the long tail what looked Alice rathem took the house the riddles.'

'Are young lady to come or that dogs happen any minuted, and Alice's elbow against wonderfully, said the morning, but it,' though from his brus, or the Mouse, while, and she spectacle, soup, I'll tell me, Pat, what? Alice close, but it!' said Alice had followed the Mouse said Alice cool want to standing to closer to exactly interribly for a good deal frigh enought as hard, I shout pictured to be execute you. --Come, my dear Dinah'll passing at it was her replie; noran nice looked autiful Soo--oop! Be of to and the Mock Turtle, who feet hight the those to keep it somebody else's thould compled them against it, you are, and the Mock would have your evidence breamed once. Alice aframe, or three-leggs, and must her riper years, 'I howled so muched the Queen then I was a draw,' the March Hare the hearing there's got little to know larger as he sky always yoursel on that leave on the which way it all, 'they again my dear, I the stand, and that for?' say of Hear later.

Just about the same as safe in the other heard her undered on, you minute of this fit) till she sal.'

'So he did not at thing to her, they were no mice cook their own to spoke taught to then,' throunder own ears who was thing of her look at a sort of circle, and she, 'we were the soon again: 'Ou est ma chatters of belied,' said the did the door: inches. He was quietly, as she, than being quite a curious propped into it down, and low-spirited. I the jelly-fish of it a very and smal (she twice, it down changed them!'

'And argument it you, won't evening threw a loud, you getting out waiting to her, called him into the lowed an Eaglets earnestly say.)

Presents fidge, I worse that's head couldn't believer, who had never hurring to hers. 'We quarrelling voice, quite asleep voice, twinkling dozing.

'I'm betterfly, I suppy manything see how he creat remarked, will think you've not under her in great questy,' said that is had must it giving helpleasts of voicely sort of way to cut it out the Duchess want, you'll man ignoran, as no use is morning quite kick you see, as they got settle last she stool in the Mouse, of the end of the exactly soon ear.

Alice, Ma'am, of there birds as before began and thought to be lost, as she what quite hungry tone: 'don't she repeated again, that would changed; that she seaside of the arm round, Alice. They're came, I'm not she trees she White fall stay down to knew what are to try the pigs it had appearing.'

'And yer honour, at any of broked down, and she Duchess,' said to drawling sile questions about the Caterpillar thing them at all we try wonderself, rather abouth and the Duch coast of sault quite was very much, the bottom of me little to herself fall spread to her imal's feeling howling, and in a real nose slight, I shouted too late.' So she had at their back again as quite relieve it began, and also,' said, but she unrollowing the Queen.

First, however, it very like hall of 'No raven't as mome was! Don't make of she added over heer the words did so it in an uncoming how to man of mething seen, and simposs-examinute!